essay	domain1_score
There were many obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to have dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building. Safety was an issue with the dirigibles because of the highly flammable gas hydrogen. So, if the dirigibles explode over New York many people could be killed in the very populated. Another problem is keeping the derigible @CAPS1 so people can get off while the wind moves the back end of itself. The only way was to tie lead weights down in the back of the dirigible, but it would be dangerous over people down below. So, these obstacles workers faced, never got past them and so they made the world's highest soda fountain and tea garden for tourists in the observation area.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. one obstacle was that the dirigible would have to be held by a single cable tether. This would add stress to the building's frame in order to make the frame or sturdy, there was modifications to the building's framework which cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another obstacle the builders faced was the dirigible's use of hydrogen which is highly flammable. Since New York was a densely populated area, this would not work out well. The dirigibles would also have to be weighted down in the back with lead weights. In order to do so, the lead weights would end up dangling high above pedestrians on the street which was a safety issue one last obstacle the builders faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or approach the area.	4
"In the passage The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1. The builders of the Empire State Building faced opstacles in the building of the Empire State Building, in allowing dirigibles to dock there.One reason is that Al Smith (four-term governor of New York who headed efforts to construct the Empire State Building after his years in office) had made the tower tall... The hight of the building was 1,250 ft. But after almost losing the title of worlds tallest tower he announced that there would be a top or hat put on the tower.Another reason is the tower was made for Dirigibles (blimps) That Could @CAPS2 people from New York to New Jersey. Smith wanted a place where dirigibles could dock off. But it never happened because the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, and on May 6, 1937 the owners of the State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it was over New York.In the 1930's the idea was dropped after another dirigible was trying to proform a stunt. The Empire State Building never got to fofil what it was made for."	1
soon after it's conception, The Empire State Building mooring mast was doomed to fail. Early obstacles were easily surmounted, for example the problem of added stress on the building's frame caused by the added weight of the moored airship. This was fixed by structural modifications to the building's frame, an expensive but fairly simple procedure. one of the biggest blows to the project was the advent of the Hindenburg disaster. The Hindenburg disaster was the cause of the forefront of a decline in airships. Airplanes became a safer, faster, more designer form of transportation. In addition to the Hindenburg disaster, it soon became clear that mooring and airship at @NUM1'or higher was not feasible. Surging winds would not allow the airship to maintain it's course and the ship would be blown erratically around the mast. The final nail in the coffin for the mooring mast was a law prohibiting airship travel over urban areas. These multiple factors easily disallowed any possibility of successful airship travel in the future.	4
The builders of the Empire @CAPS1 Building were faced with obstacles while attempting to allow derigibles to dock there. The architects realized they could not put the mooring mast on top of the building without modifying and strengthening the steel frame of the building. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would add too much weight to the framework which could cause it to collapse. They strengthened the framework from the bottom of the building to the top before putting the shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower on the top of the building. The builders were faced with these obstacles but they were successful in completing their goal. The mooring mast is not used as a docking station but it is still looked at as the final peice that makes the Empire State Building stand out above all buildings in downtown New York City.	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, many complications occurred during the plans and construction of the attempted docking mast. One obstacle was that dirigibles were just too heavy and the metal frame of the building would have to be modified. After repairing the framework of the Empire State Building, two trial runs were displayed by the @ORGANIZATION3 dirigible ""Los Angeles"" and the Goodyear blimp ""Columbia"". The result of the expirament were that the wind current, physically, didn't allow the blimp to come close enough to the building to dock Also, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban cities"" was an obstacle they could not surpass. Within years of postponing their efforts, airplanes made way and dirigibles, as transportation, were long forgotten."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles trying to construct this marvelous building One obstacle was making sure the stress of the building from the dirigible would go to the foundation of the building and not the top or middle where it could cause it to collapse. As said in the text ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over @MONEY1 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" @CAPS1 the building had to be changed in many ways to make it stable enough for dirigible to dock.Another obstacle was the weather above the building which was very strong winds and air currents. This would mean that the dirigible would just be ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street"" and that's not a safe thing to have highly flammable hydrogen floating around above millions. An obstacle as well that came with these dirigibles was all the time and effort they had to put in to learn how to safely install a mooring mast. This took people going to professionals like the Navy and finding out the proper way. The mooring mast on the Empire State Building caused many obstacles to get in the way."	4
"In building the Empire State Building, the builders faced some problems in allowing dirigibles to dock there. Some of the obstacles that the builder faced were actually having a way for dirigibles to dock at about 1,250 feet above the ground. The strong air currents and changing in the wind direction also made it difficult for the piolots to steer the dirigibles close enough to the mast for docking. A final problem that the builders faced was a law that ""airships flying too low over urban areas"". (@NUM1). Which basically means that if it was docked at the Empire State building, then it would be too low to an urban aera and that's against the law."	3
"The idea of mooring dirigibles to the top of the building that stood 1,250 feet above the streets of downtown New York was a facinating and amazing idea. An idea that would bring New York into a whole ""age of transportation"" (@NUM1). Unfortunately this wonderful idea had a few holes in the plans. Later the architects that were building the mooring mast had discovered that their idea was not going to be fulfill. The idea had too many obstacles to overcome. The fact that ""most dirigibles outside the U. S used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@NUM2). If anything was to go wrong, it would be catostrophic seeing as how below them were highly populated streets. Also, ""the greatest obstacle was nature itself"" (@NUM3). There was just too much wind to keep the aircraft steady and undercontrol. The reality of the fact was that the idea to moor derigibles sounded great but there are far too many risks to carry out the plan."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle they faced was the safety issue. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, most foreign dirigibles used the flammable element hydrogen rather than helium. A fire would be very deadly in a highly populated area like downtown New York. Another obstacle the builders were faced with was the wind. In paragraph @NUM2 it says, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the un-tied back of the dirigible to thrash around and even ""swivel around the mooring mast."" When a dirigible is moored in open fields, they can be weighted down with lead weights. Doing this in open air above the Empire State building would be un-safe due to pedestrians below. The final obstacle builders faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. In paragraph @NUM3, it says, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" This is why the mooring mast for dirigibles of the Empire State building never served its purpose."	3
There were many obstacles that builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there One obstacle was the wind. At higher elevation the wind is much more powerful. This would make it very difficult to accually get the dirigible close to the mast. Also the structure of of Empire State Building. The framework was not built for the amount of weight that would be on top of the building. Builders made over @MONEY1 worth of fortifying the framework. Those are some obstacles that builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	2
The builder's of the Empire State Building faced many difficult obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. The greatest obstacle of the use of a mooring mast was the wind. At the top of the Empire State Building the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The winds would cause the back of the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast. Another reason the dirigibles would not be able to more at the Empire State Building is because there is a law that says airships cannot fly low in urban areas. This would make it illegal for the dirigible to approach or dock at the Empire State Building.	2
Obstacles the bulders faced was if they put a Mooring @CAPS1 At the top of the building it will Add stress to the building and they would have to modify the building to support the mooring @CAPS1. Another @CAPS2 they @CAPS3 is safty Most @CAPS4 Are Filled with Hydrogen which Are Highly Flammable. If there was A Fire it could @CAPS5 @CAPS6 of people Due to the fact its A Densely Populated Area. Nature Itself Also seems to @CAPS7 A @CAPS2 the winds Above the building were very Violent. then theirs the law where Airships can @CAPS9 Low Above urban areas.	3
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are described. One obstacle was that most dirigibles were highly flammable. In paragraph @NUM1 it says, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If a dirigible caught on fire near the Empire State Building, the accident would affect many people since its a densely populated area. Another obstacle the builders faced was the winds of nature itself. Even if a dirigible was docked, it would still swivel around too much. In paragraph @NUM2 it says, ""... they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" One more obstacle they faced was an existing law. In paragraph @NUM3 it says, ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The architects faced many obstacles while trying to bring their idea to reality. It's better to plan ahead and think of every obstacle before bringing ideas to life."	3
There were many problems with allowing dirigibles to land on top of the Empire State Building. When designing the mast they realized that with the weight of the dirible, the buildings frame would have stress. (paragraph @NUM1) They also noticed that the diribles from other countries used hydrogen and not helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. (paragraph @NUM2). A factor of building the mast that was out of the builders control was nature. The winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting. (paragraph @NUM3). Law was also a problem when wanting to construct the mast. There was a law against airships flying to low over urban areas. (paragraph @NUM4). With the factors of weight, gas, nature, and law the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was modifying and strengthening the frame of the building. It says that ""over @NUM1 thousand dollar's worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"" in order to accommodate dirigibles. However, after the modifications were made, the builders had to face another set of obstacles, more serious than before. the first one was ""safety"": the destruction of the Hindenburg in @LOCATION3 raised fear for a densely populated area such as New York. Another obstacle was ""nature""; the strong winds and violent air currents on the top of the Empire State Building made dirigibles ""neither practical nor safe"". the third obstacle was ""an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas"". this law made it ""illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" the Los Angeles and Columbia dirigibles attempted a few things, but unsuccessfully, and the idea of dirigibles disappeared by the late 1930's. these are the obstacles that the builders faced in attempting dirigibles to dock on the Empire state building."	4
"Some of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were mainly weather and safety. In paragraph @NUM1 the author says ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". This means that because of the wind and air currents always shifting the the dirigibles would be hard to control. Another obstacle they faced was safety. Also in paragraph @NUM1 the author says ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights... where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street..."" @CAPS1 that means is having something heavy dangling above people is not a good idea. It wouldn't be a good idea because if the weight would of disconnected from the dirigibles there is a possibility that somebody could get injured badly. Those obstacles are @CAPS1 builders of the Empire State Building faced in allowing dirigibles to dock."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the readers learn that there are obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1, the readers learn that the architects are worried about the load of the blimp and the wind pressure that is transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. The architects would have to strengthen and modify the Empire State Building for it to be accustomed to this new situation. The architects also saw problems with foreign dirigibles which use hydrogen rather than helium as said in paragraph @NUM2, ""Most dirigibles from outside the U.S used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" One of the biggest obstacle was how the winds on top of the building were always shifting so even if the dirigible is tethered to the mast, the back would still swivel around. Later on, the architects idea for a mooring mast disapperead and it was then used for observation."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems that ""Should have been apparent before it was ever constructed. One of the problems that they faced was that many dirigibles ""used hydrogen rather than, helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This factor caused that the owners of the Building to worry about the safety of the many civilians that lived in downtown New York. Another factor that the builders face was that the winds ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This caused problems because in landing fields the blimps could be weighted down with lead weights but that could not be done at the Empire State Building; many dirigibles would not be able to reach the Building either due to the winds. One last factor that was faced is that it is against the law to have airships fly to low over the urban areas. This ""law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" All these factors caused ""the idea of using the mooring mast for drigibles and passengers"" to disappear."	4
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced. One of the greatest being safety. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, most dirigibles from outside of the U.S used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flamable. Also another issue was purposed in paragraph @NUM2, this was nature itself. The winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered down, the back of of the ship would swivel around the morning mass. Yet another obstacle as to the reason why dirigibles couldn't dock at the Empire State Building was in paragraph @NUM3, this was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. These obstacles made it nearly impossible for the Empire State Building to serve it's original purpose.	3
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building had to face while trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. One reason is the dirigibles were unsafe. This is because dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. If the dirigible caught on fire in a densely populated place, then many people could die from it. Another obstacle the builders faced was nature itself. This is because the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting so the back of the dirigible would swivel back and forth. They could only fix the problem by putting weights on the back of the ship, but to do that impractical and unsafe. This is because the weights are dangling high above pedestrians, so if one broke, it could kill someone. The third obstacle is that there was a law against airships flying to low over urban areas, so it would be illegal for the ships tie up to the building. The final obstacle was the wind could have pushed the ship onto sharp spires, which could puncture the ship, so the pilots wouldn't be able to get the mooring equipment. These are the obstacles the builders face, which caused the mooring equipment not to be installed.	4
"Builders had many promblems with allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. First of all in @CAPS1 @NUM1 the author exsplains that ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would only add stress to the buildings frame"". Builders with that would have to construct the building to make it more stable. Also there were cases that outside the United States they use Hydrogen other then helium. Hydrogen is very flamible, and because new york is so populated it would not be safe to podestrions. Seeing this you can tell that builders had to many promblems coming from such an ""easy"" thing."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1, the excerpt tells the reader of a huge issue. It states, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of a building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building frame."" Due to this over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. Another set back is in paragraph @NUM2. It states, ""The greatest obstacle... was nature itself."" Due to violent air current, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Tethering the mooring mast would do little help. Lead weights could not be used. In paragraph @NUM2, it states, ""dangling weights high above pedestrians..., was neighter practical nor safe."" All of these obstacles showed architects, the project at that time was impossible."	2
"The obstacles that the builders @CAPS1 in attempting to allow dirigibles is making its speed go up. Another obstacle that the builders @CAPS1 is the landing area. The last obstacle that the builders @CAPS1 is making sure that the passengers get on and off safely. Like it says on paragraph six, ""passengers could safely get on and off the dirigible by walking down a gangplank."""	1
Al Smith's dream of having airships dock atop the Empire @CAPS1 Building Was cut short by bitter reality. The idea failed parially due to the impracticality of docking a @DATE2 foot balloon filled with flamable gas to a city building. The mere size of this glimpse was astounding and this created many problems. Firstly The wind atop a skyscrapper is great and inconsitent. It is extremely difficult to dock to a building a seen when the Los Angeles tried to dock in @DATE1. The balloon was unable to dock due to potential damage it could cause to itself and the surrounding city. The blimps were also kept afloat by Hydrogen which due to its chemical nature is extremly flamable. Blimps had exploded in the past such as the Hindenburg. Engineers knew that if a similar accident occurred at the Empire state Building, substantial damage would have been done to the city and building itself. These impracticalities combined with the use of airplanes rather than blimps gaurenteed no blimps would ever be docked to the Empire State Building.	3
Al Smith and his team of builders faced several obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building. The first problem with docking dirigibles is that the steel frame and foundation could not support The stress put on it by a dirigible attached to it. Also, when the builders looked back on past dirigible accidents like the Hindenburg, they realized that if an accident were to occur, many lives would be at stake. Furthermore, there were laws that limited how low a dirigible could fly over urban areas, so it would be illegal for a dirigible to dock at the Empire State Building because it would be too low. Finally, and according to the builders, most importantly, the largest problem with docking dirigibles to the Empire State Building was mother nature. Winds at the top of the building were very high and changed unpredictably, effectively turning the dirigible docked into a disaster waiting to happen.	3
In order to allow dirigibles to dock on the roof of the empire state building, the workers would have to go through a series of tasks such as, strengthening the steel frame, and designing a sturdy mast. If the frame were not strong enough, then the building would simply colapse. More than sixty thousand dollars was spent on restructuring the frame. Also with high-speed winds the mast would have be incredibly sturdy, otherwise the dirigible would not stay in one place. After the Hindenburg disaster, people realized how unsafe these dirigibles really were, and so the idea would was found not only unsafe but it illegal. In conclusion, not a single blimp would ever be docked, nor will one ever.	2
"Though in theory the idea of the mooring mast seemed attainable, in reality there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. An initial problem was faced during the process of adding the mooring mast to the building. As stated in the article: ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. ... The steel frame... would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation."" This modification, necessary to overcome the obstacle of attaching the mooring mast consumed over @NUM1 thousand dollars and much time and effort. A second obstacle which interfered immensely with safety was ""nature itself."" The violent winds at the top of the building would cause tethered dirigibles to ""swivel around and around"" the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in airfields could be weighted down by lead weights, but this idea could not be executed because ""... using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe."" Such problems as these created many obstacles for the builders of the Empire State Building."	3
"Through the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, we learned that the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the summit of the building. Some of the obstacles that the builders faced in this enginering challenge are; @CAPS1 the builders faced the challenge of how the Empire State Building was going to be able to support the weight of these long aircrafts. We learned this in paragraph @NUM1 when the author states ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building... would add stress to the buildings frame."" To overcome this problem ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened (@NUM2)."" It is later said that these modifications would cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another problem that the builders faced was, how safe docking a blimp would be in a highly populated area.  In paragraph @NUM3 we learned that most dirigibles are made of hydrogen, which is highly flammable. After ""the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey... The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" All in all in the excerpt The Mooring Mast will learned that the builders of the Empire State Building face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the peak of the building."	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 explained why there is a landing area on the Empire State Building called the Mooring Mast. The first obstacle the workers faced was there was no Landing space on the top of the Empire State Building. This means dirigibles could @CAPS4 at all. To fix the problem of not having a Landing area is, they would add the Mooring Mast. The Mooring Mast was built with wenches that would hold the dirigibles but it would put too much stress on the building. The workers used a @CAPS2 of money to make the building so it wasn't stressed when the dirigibles was held to the Mooring Mast. After all that got fixed they forgot one thing, the wind. The wind was so violent that the dirigible couldn't maneuver. to get on top of the Empire State Building. When the workers figured that out they gave up. Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 explained what the workers tried to do to get a dirigible to @CAPS4 on the Empire State Building in the excerpt The Mooring Mast.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obsticales in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem with the height and alltitude of the Zeppelin. Even if they docked, the back of it would be moving around everywhere from the wind. Another reason was that on May 6, 1937 the Hindenburg was burned to the ground after takeoff. witch means that it was very flamable from using hydrogen instead of helium. All raised safty issues that needed to be sought out.	2
During the construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building the builders faced several obstacles. The greatest obstacle was @CAPS1 Nature. The winds at this height are shifting to frequently causing the dirigible to be tossed around the mast, making it unsafe to board. Another obstacle was how they weighed dirigibles down with lead weights. Having lead weights at this height was risky because they could plummet down upon the people below. The third obstacle was a law against the airships flying too low in urban areas. This made it impossible for any dirigible to dock or even come near the Empire State Building. These obstacles forced the builders to shelf the mooring mast construction.	3
"Although the idea for turning the mast at the top of the Empire State building into a docking area for dirigibles was a highly clever idea, it was not a very safe one at all. One ""reason why dirigibles could not moor the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This law left the idea of the mast as a failure before construction even began, but the workers failed to notice this law. Another obstacle that added difficulty to the construction was how much pressure having the dirigibles moored to the building added to the base of the building. This caused another @MONEY1 to be spent trying to fix this problem. A third factor that made the idea of setting up a mast even more difficult came straight from nature itself. The winds that high off the ground made manuvering the dirigible in such a small space very difficult. This was proven when ""In December 1930, the U.S Navy Dirigible' Los Angeles' approach the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."	3
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main problem was that the architects could not just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. There needed to be modifications made to make it safe for a dirigible to land there. The biggest obstacle was nature. Lüsted said it best in paragraph @NUM1, ""The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. The final problem the builders faced was, even if they did manage to figure out a way to put the mooring mast up, there was still a law stating dirigibles illegal to land there. Lüsted said in paragraph @NUM2, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."". Obviously, from the examples given, the builders of the Empire State building had faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"Dirigibles also known today as Blimps used to dock at the empire state building. The Empire State building was used as a docking ground for dirigibles (which are enormous steel formed balloons filled with hydrogen and helium, which made them lighter then air). They had a top speed of @NUM1 mph for thousands of miles. ""Al Smith saw an opportunity for the empire state building: A moor added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor their for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers on and off."" As stated in the excerpt. The dirigibles were docked by an electric winch which stopped the big balloon from going anywhere and tied it to the mast. Al Smith was successful when building moore cause it was good for dirigibles."	0
"The builders of the empire state building faced several obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. One being the changes in wind current. The dirigibles did have steering systems, and could be tethered however the wind could overpower these systems causing it to loose controll and crash. Another obstacle was the fear of another ""Hindenburg"" accident. On May 6, 1937, the hinden burg (a dirigible) that, like all other dirigibles, contained hydrogen (a highly flamible gas) was ignited and burned down, keeping the casualties mainly to the men and women on board, however, if this incident happened above the highly populated @CAPS1.Y.C. the number of deaths would increase due to the pedestrians below."	2
"In Marcia Amidon Lüsted excerpt The Mooring Mast, is about the empire state that was built to being the tallest building. There are copious of ways of the builders faced attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In the excerpt it states, ""Most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium (hydrogen is more flammable)"". This @CAPS1 proves how it's likely to destroy the whole entire empire state with Fire. Another @CAPS1 that portrays how builders faced attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there when it states,... ""Dangling high above pedestrians on the street was practical nor safe"". This @CAPS1 @CAPS4 the safty of the people walking on the @CAPS5 and what if they get hurt. finally another @CAPS1 that portrays the obtacles the builders faced when it states, ""... blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings"". This @CAPS1 proves if the dirigibles blow the empire it's not the only building in danger others around it too."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was that a thousand- foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable, would add stress to the buildings frame. So in order to strengthen the frame it would cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another challenge was the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure. The last obstacle was safety because of an accident took place in downtown New York it would be devastating.	2
"In the excerpt ""The @CAPS1 Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that the builders faced was safety.  In paragraph @NUM1, it was said that ""most dirigibles from outside of the @CAPS2 used hydrogen rather than helium"", now hydrogen is highly flammable. In paragraph @NUM2, it states that ""if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around"", now thats niether practical nor safe. If the ship is tied, the back should be stable. The last obstacle that the builders faced was a law against airships flying too low. In paragraph @NUM3, it applies that ""this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". Though some ships did attempt to reach the building, there was no success in that."	3
"Allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building caused many obstacles. One of these obstacles was that dirigibles outside the @PERSON1 used hydrogen rather than helium. Using hydrogen was highly flamable. They knew how dangerous it was. In the excerpt it says, ""The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Another obstacle people had to deal with was nature. In the excerpt, it says that air currents were ""violent"" and it would be very hard to control the dirigible. Finally, dirigibles mooring at the Empire State Building would be illegal. It says, ""An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS1 the dirigibles could not dock over a heavy populated city like New York City. Many obstacles made it challenging to dock dirigibles on the Empire State Building."	3
"In building the dirigible docks on the Empire State Building builders faced an onslaught of problems that should have been easy to pick up on. Everyone got caught up in the hype in my opinion. Outside of the U.S., other dirigibles used hydrogen, which is highly flammable, instead of helium. After the Hindenburg disaster, ""... the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Winds also played an obstacle in the construction. ""... the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The dirigibles would not be able to tie to the dock and stay because of violent air currents. There was a law holding airships from flying too low in urban areas. ""The law would make it illegal for air ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area...,"". Finally, times changed and planes became the new fad for air transport, ending dirigibles run as the main provider."	3
"The builders ran into quite a few problems when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire state Building. As stated in paragraph @NUM1 ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium; and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This would mean that if a docked dirigible filled with hydrogen were to catch on fire it would burn down the Empire State Building and much of the city, killing many people with its explosion. Another main obstacle As stated in paragraph @NUM2 was nature ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". These winds would make it almost impossible for a dirigible to reach the mast and actually dock. In addition the dirigible would be swinging around violently once it was tied to the mast The third major problem was the law against aircraft flying low over urban areas as stated in paragraph @NUM3 ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". With the law in the way no one would even want to try. Those are the three major problems found when building the mast"	4
"The empire state building builders had to face hard obstacles by.... ""accommodating passengers,"" new routes, and the greatest obstacle was to nature itself. By accommodating the passengers they had to bring them to the existing transatlantic routes. This was because the new routes weren't made yet. Reasoning being is because the building needed to be more taller. So then they added more things on the top of it. They wanted the State Building to nature itself because the building @CAPS1 Shifting from ""violent air currents"". Also the dirigible was more open fields to the moor. The State building also was weight down by the lead weights."	1
"When building the Empire State Building, builders were faced with several obstacles in their attempts to have dirigibles dock there. The builders first had to ensure that the building was going to be able to support the dirigible. After they completed this issues relating to safety arose. It was very dangerous to because some air ballons were made out of hydrogen which were flammable. If their were any issues, New York's population could be in grave danger. The wind also was an issue ... because it was so shifty a dirigble would be heavy in the back. Dangling above new york was very dangerous. The last complications that affected the idea of docking the drigbles was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban area."" because of the law, safety and nature complications, builders were never able to successfully reach their goal of allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many difficulties in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One difficulty they faced was when they were designing the mast. They ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof..."" (¶ @NUM1) because it ""would add stress to the building's frame"". (¶ @NUM1) this was a difficulty because the Empire State Building's frame had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate it, resulting in @MONEY1 in modifications. Another difficulty faced by the builders was in regards to nature. As dirigibles use ""hydrogen instead of helium"" (¶ @NUM3), there was a great risk of fire; always a problem above New York City. The wind was also a problem. The winds on top of the building were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (¶ @NUM4). The back of the ship would have to be weighed down by lead; again, not feasible in New York City. A final difficulty the builders faced were existing air laws. The builders' faced the issue of existing law against airships ""flying too low over urban areas."" (¶ @NUM5) This made it ""illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" (¶ @NUM5) Some of the many difficulties faced by builders of the Empire State Building were mast designs, nature and existing air flights laws."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building's mast were confronted with many obstacles to overcome. Firstly, the builders had to compensate for the stress a docked airship would place on the building. According to @CAPS1, ""the stress... would be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" As a result, the building's steel frame would need to be modified to accommodate the load. Another obstacle faced by the builders were the weather conditions at that height: ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Any airship attempting to dock there would be violently buffeted around by the wind. Finally, there was the obstacle of safety. As @CAPS1 states, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is extremely flammable."" @CAPS3 of a Hindenburg-type accident over a densely populated area gave pause to the builders. In conclusion, the builders had to face several huge obstacles, which combined eventually doomed the project."	3
In order for the Empire State Building to dock dirigibles (blimps), many obstacles had to be overcome by the architects. One of those obstacles was the Empire State Building's frame. If a thousand-foot dirigible was moored on top of the building with just a single cable tether, it would add tremendous stress to the foundation of the building due to the dirigibles load and wind pressure. Another obstacle that the architects faced was safety. Because dirigibles in the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, instead of helium, there was a high risk of the dirigible exploding, and threatening the dense population of downtown New York City. Possibly the greatest obstacle that the architects had to face was high winds. On top of the Empire State Building, the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if lead weights could be used to weigh down and control the docked dirigible, they would still be unsafely dangling about the pedestrians of the streets below. Those are some obstacles that the architects of the Empire State Building faced in an attempt to dock dirigibles.	4
"Ambitious for its time, the idea of allowing dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building was doomed from the start.  The engineers and builders of the mooring mast were faced with many obstacles that could potentially inhibit safe docking at the top of the building. The first major obstacle was finding a way to tether the dirigible to the dock. As described in paragraph @NUM1, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held on by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame.""  Modifications would have to be made to the entire building.  Another obstacle the engineers were faced with was stabilizing the dirigible once it was tethered to the building.  As described in paragraph @NUM2, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would make it nearly impossible for passengers and crew to get on or off the dirigible.  These obstacles, baffled engineers and builders of the Empire State Building until the project was abandoned entirely."	3
There were obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A practical reason why was a law against airships flying too close over urban areas like New York. The law would make it illegal for a dirigible to even approach the building. The greater reason was the issue of safety. If a ship came in to dock with use of hydrogen (a highly flammable gas), an explosion is possible, harming everyone bellow.The greatest obstacle were the shifting winds from air currents. Even if tethered down, the ship would swivel around the tower getting tangled. In conclusion, the idea had to be dropt, though some ships have tried to dock their.	3
"In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the architects faced many problems. One of these problems was the buildings frame. The frame needed to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new mast. Another huge obstacle was safety. In paragraph @NUM1 the author states, ""hydrogen is highly flammable."" If a dirigible were to go up in @CAPS1 not only the passengers would be in danger but everybody on the crowded streets below. The winds at such a high altitude also posed a threat. Paragraph @NUM2 explains that the violent air currents would cause the back of the ship to swivel all over the place, making it hard for passengers to unload. These were just some of the many problems builders faced while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building."	3
Some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced were the winds in the high altitudes, the laws that didn't allow airships to be so close to an urban area, the safety of the passengers, and the safety of the pedestrians below.	2
The building was big and beatful.	0
One of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced was that the construction of the mooring mast would add stress to the building due to its height. The architects, however, were able to design a special type of stainless steel that would be illuminated from the inside and provide support. Another obstacle was that the dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, and having such an airship with flammable gas nearby civilization was considered unreasonable. Thus, a law was passed that forbid the transportation of dirigibles close to the public. Nature was also against the architects, and so posed a safety hazard when high-speed winds attempted to @CAPS1 the dirigibles from the sky while being weighed down with lead weights. In the end, the mooring mast on the Empire State Building was never used due to these issues.	3
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock, there. They had known that the mooring mast wasn't perfect. There were many reasons but the greatest one they said was the safety. The hydrogen in them is highly flammable and after the accident in New Jersey in 1937, they noticed how much more dangerous it would be if it happened right in New York. So they dropped the idea later on and left the transportation to the airplanes.	2
"The builder's main problem with safety. Most Blimps that aren't made in @LOCATION1 are filled with hydrogen, which is highly flammable. If a disaster like the Hindenburg accident happened while the blimp was moving to the tethers at the Empire State building, the outcome would have been much more disasterous. Another Obstacle is the winds. According to the exerpt ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents... the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" One final obstacle was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" The builders faced many obstacles by attempting to allow blimps to dock at the Empire State Building."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced some obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of these obstacles was that it was unsafe. It was unsafe because the dirigibles use more hydrogen than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable. In the excerpt it says the greatest obstacle was nature itself. This is because the winds at the top of the building was constantly shifting and the back of the airship would swivel around. Another obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over the urban areas. These are the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building had faced."	3
"The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains the plans for adding a mast to the top of the Empire State Building that would have been able to anchor blimps to the top of it. This idea was very complex; however, architects of time (@DATE1's) believed that it was quite possible. What they didn't seem to realize was just how many problems and obstacles there were to get in the way of the mast's success. One minor set back was that the mast (and the blimp attached to it) would add great amounts of stress to the frame of the building. This problem was taken care of with little stress by simply modifying in strengthening the building's foundation and frame. The largest obstacle standing in the way of the mast's success was the heavy winds at the top of the building, which were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". However, the absolute greatest issue that was faced was safety of the public. Most foreign blimps at the time were filled with highly flammable gas, which was ultimately why the mooring mast was never a success."	3
The obstacles; the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there were highly challenging. They delt with the frames and shapes, but theres other reasons that are not so physical.One of the greatest obstacles they faced to allow dirigibles to dock on the building was nature itself. At the top of the building winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Using the Empire state Building, where the blimps would be dangling high about pedestrians on the lower level of the street, was not safe.Another particular obstacle they faced was; an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This law made it illigal to ever tie up the blimp to the Empire State building itself. The blimps couldnt lad on the flat roof of the Empire state building. The builders of the Empire State Building had alot of obstacles in front of them. Not just physical objects to make it easier for the dirigibles to land, but the @CAPS1 of politics and nature aswell.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles trying to allow dirigibles (blimps) to dock there. Lack of a suitable landing area was a tough obstacle. It is against the law for airships to fly low over urban areas. It would be dangling high above people and it wouldn't be safe. The way the dirigibles stays up in the air is it uses hydrogen instead of helium yet hydrogen is extremely flammable. To have a dock for the dirigibles on the Empire State Building it would not be safe and the builders would have to think of a new plan therefore, there would be many obstacles.	2
"There were many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One problem that was addressed was the fact that dirigibles all over the world were mostly filled with hydrogen, which was flammable. This was a problem because on May 6, 1937 a dirigible was destroyed by fire and the owners of the Empire State building relized ""how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place of a densely populated area."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Another potential problem were the strong wind currents on top of the building, as described in @CAPS1 @NUM2. The concern was that these strong currents would prevent a dirigible from docking, and could possibly blow it into another building. This could puncture the dirigible's material and cause a horrifying accident. The final obstacle that prevented dirigibles from docking on the Empire State Building was the fact that it was against the law. The law stated that ""airships flying to low over urban areas"" was prohibited. There were many obstacles that prevented dirigibles from docking on the Empire State Building."	4
The builders of the Empire state building faced obstacles in order to attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One issue was that the winds at the top of the building were very dramicaclly shifting because of the air currents. Because of this the Dirigible end would swivlle around the top of the building. An other issue was the people walking the @CAPS1 of New York below the building. To stop a Dirigible heavy lead weights had to be used. This was problamatic because one of the weights could very easily come lose and @DATE1. The law that was about a flying airship lingering too low over a city would be broken if a Dirigible had been stationd at the Empire State building.	3
"Builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Safety was a prominent issue; if human lives are at risk, an idea is not likely to be successful. Most foreign dirigibles contain hydrogen, an element that is ""highly flammable"" (paragraph @NUM1) and posed a threat to not only the passengers, but the people at the docking station as well. Another potential obstacle was the violent winds at the top of the building. These winds would cause the back of the dirigible to blow around freely with the wind. Even the proposed solution of weighing down the rear of the dirigible with lead weights was dangerous; lead weights would be left ""dangling high above pedestrians"" (paragraph @NUM2). A final and very obvious obstacle for the builders of the Empire State Building was the pre-existing law prohibiting airships that fly ""too low over urban areas"" (paragraph @NUM3). Even with a safe docking station, landing would be illegal. Although it may have seemed like a feasible plan at the time, the idea of dirigibles docking on the top of the Empire State building was not a safe or practical one."	4
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there. One obstacle they faced was that if a thousand-foot dirigible was moored at the top of the building by a single cable tether, it would add stress to the building's frame. Another obstacle they faced was that most dirigibles from outside the united states used hydrogen not helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Those are some of the obstacles they faced trying to dock on the building.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with multiple obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Although some of these obstacles were fixed early on, others were not brought to the builders' attentions until later on. The first obstacle that the builders encountered were the modifications that were needed to be done to the building's framework. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" (@CAPS1 nine). The Empire State Building would not have been able to support the mooring mast without having the essential modifications done. This process costed an extra sixty thousand dollars. The second obstacle that the builders faced had not even been brought up until after the building had been completed. The wind factor had made it nearly impossible to be able to dock any dirigibles. ""Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). With all the pedestrians located on the ground, this factor made it extremely unsafe. The final obstacle that was faced was with the law. Under already existing law, airships were prohibited from flying too low over urban areas. Blimps docking at the mooring mast would be violating this law. The architectures and engineers of the Empire State Building clearly did not look into what was necessary to building the mooring mast."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was one of safety, most blimps outside the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Another obstacle the builders faced, was nature itself. The wins on top of the building are always changing because of dangerous air currents. These winds would cause the rear end of the blimp to move around and around the mooring mast.A third obstacle they faced was a law that aircrafts couldn't fly too low over pedestrian filled areas. This law makes it illegal to tie up to the Empire State Building.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges when attempting to put a dock for dirigibles on top. In order to make New York City the most modern city for travel, Al Smith attempted to put a dirigible dock on top of the Empire State Building. They did finish constructing the mooring mast, although the steel frame of the building had to be strengthened. The stress of the people boarding the dirigible could cause damage to the original framework. Once it was finished, there were @NUM1 attempts the board passengers onto the blimps. Although, they both ended in failure. The builders were not able to overcome the obstacles of the severe winds and laws. Winds could blow the blimp strayed into another building. Also, if a dirigible made of hydrogen was used, it could cause a fatal accident due to the high flammability of it. Finally, there was an existing law that airships from flying close to urban areas. The architects of the mooring mast were not able to overcome these challenges.	3
"The original plan for the Empire State Building was to be tallest building in the world, at @NUM1 feet. Everything was going well until the competition. The Chrysler Building, threatened to steal the title. When Al Smith announced that he was going to but a mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building, this obviously changed the architects designs. ""The architects desighned a shiny glass & chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside, with a stepped-back desighn that imitated the overall shape of the building. The rocket-shaped mast would have four wings at its corners... and would rise to a conical roof that would house the mooring arm."" (Lüsted). Two months after the workers started with the new plan, the celebrated because the finished framing the entire building ""The Empire State building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed. The greatest reason was safety."" (Lüsted)"	1
"There were many obsticles the builders of  Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. One obsticle was the buildings frame was not prepared for it. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" The frame of the building could not handle a docked dirigible. To fix this problem, over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications would have had to be made. Another obsticle faced by the builders was that most countries other than the United States use hydrogen instead of helium to make there dirigible fly. Hydrogen was very flammable and builders figured that if an accident like the Hindenburg occurred over a desely populated area like New York, it would be devastating. The greatest obsticle faced by the builders were the wind on top of the building that was constantly shifting. The shifting winds were caused by very violent air currats. While the digarble were tethered to the mast, the back of it would just keep spinning around in circles. They could not use lead weights to help hold the zeppelin steady because you can't just dangle heavy lead weights over New York City. From the beginning, the idea of allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was ridiculous."	3
Based on the excerpt there are a few key obstacles the builders face, one being the safety of the people in the dirigibles and people below them, and two being nature itself.The safety of the people was critical because if something was not safe then it would not be put to use. There were many things that could go wrong such as, the blimp hitting a spire and killing all the people below.The Greatest obstacle was nature. If the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast it would get wraped around the building, or just getting to the mooring would be difficult because of the wind.Overall the mooring mast was not a practical Idea. It was just something thought up to compete with the @CAPS1 building, and was not thought through with the aspects of safety in mind.	2
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was lack of suitable landing area; ""so were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City."" Another obstacle was the wieght of a mooring mast. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened,"" which means they would have to modify the whole frame to bare the weight of the mooring mast which would cost over sixty thousand dollars.Safety was also an issue. Most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, so if it caught fire over a highly populated area such as downtown New York than the accident would be much worse. Another issue was the fact that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Because of the wind the dirigible would swivel around the mooring mast."	3
Based on the excerpt from the Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in building the mooring mast. For example, there was actually a law that prohibited exactly what the builders wanted. The law said that airships could not fly too low over city areas. The mooring mast on the Empire State Building would directly violate that law when the ships come in to dock. Another problem the builders faced was the danger surrounding the airships that would be docking there. The airships, called dirigibles, were like giant balloons and could pop if they touched something sharp enough. The Empire State Building was surrounded by other extremely tall buildings and most of them had long spires on top. Therefore, if the dirigible bumps one of these spires, it could pop and go plummeting to the ground. This presented another problem. Had an airship popped in New York City, it could've killed a large number of people not only in it, but on the ground. During the time of building, the Hindenburg crashed into fields, killing all of it's passengers. The builders thought what the consequences would be if that had happened in the city. This was the final straw for the builders as they abandoned their lofty goal, because of too many problems.	4
"In the excerpt of ""The Mooring Mast,"" many obstacles created problems for the builders of the Empire State building and their goal of allowing dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle that came across the builder's minds was that they ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof,"" (paragraph @NUM1) because it would damage the building with the ammount of pressure pulling on the structure. The second problem that the architects faced was safety. Events from the past such as Hindenburg was caused by the use of ""hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable...the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse the accident could've been."" The next problem that came up was nature itself, such as dangerous winds. An event when ""the U.S. Navy dirigible, Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" @CAPS1 there were legal issues, and existing law was against airships flying too low over urban areas, making it illegal."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, describes complicated obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles was competition. ""It was planned as the world's tallest building taller even than the new Chrysler Building,"" (@CAPS1 1). ""Al Smith realized that he was close to losing the title of world's tallest building"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). There was a competition as to had the tallest building between the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. Another obstacle, was the safety and dirigibles. ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in lakehurts, New Jersey, The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populate area such as down town New York."" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The owner didn't want to risk a accident to cost people's life it would have been bad rep for them. The obstacles that the builders went through was a positive thing, it made them @CAPS2 and open their eyes."	1
"There are many obstacles faced because of letting the dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building. First, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" This means that the winds ontop of the building were strong and will cause the dirigible will swivel around the mooring mast, if tethered. Also, ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the areas."" This shows that it was a waist of time thinking ships could moor at the State Building because there is a clear law against it. There still are many obstacles you have to over come for any project."	3
Some problems that the builders faced building the mast on the top of the building was that the builders couldn't just drop the mast on top of the building's flat roof because then the wind would cause stress to the frame because the blimps could hanging there. The steel frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened to make the mast. The cost for these modifications were another problem for them two.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The main obstacle was that the builders couldn't @CAPS1 put the mooring mast on the Empire State Building, because it had a flat roof. The mooring mast would put pressure on the building's fram. To overcome this obstacle the architects had to modify and strengthen the frame. More than sixty thousand dollars' went into the modifications of the framework. The greatest obstacle though was nature, and there was nothing the builders could do about that. The violent air currents caused winds on the top of the building to constantly shift. In open fields dirigibles could be weighted down in the back using led weights, but with pedestrians around it wouldn't be practical nor safe. Without being weighted down the dirigibles would swivel around.	3
"In paragraph @NUM1 it states, ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it's purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" These reasons are one that is due to flamable gases, a second is due to nature itself, and the last is an already existing law.     As said in paragraph @NUM1, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the united States used hydrogen rather than helium."" @CAPS1 how Flammable hydrogen is they didn't want that above a highly populated area.     Paragraph @NUM3 now states, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting."" @CAPS2 the dirigible would not be stable enough.     Finally I said in paragraph @NUM4. ""There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area.""     @CAPS3 there was never a chance of a dirigible being able to dock there, as stated above."	3
"Based on the excerpt, the workers faced a lot of obstacles in attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1 the architects say that ""they could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building."" The reason for this is because the top of the roof is held together by just one cable tether. The effect of landing something so heavy on the roof would add stress the the buildings frame. In order to allow the dirigibles there they would need to strengthen and modifi the buildings framework, this would cost at least over @MONEY1. Rather than doing that the architects designed a glass, chrome and stainless steel tower that was @CAPS1 from inside. This would ""rise a conical roof that would house the mooring arm."" -paragraph @NUM2. Elevators would also be inside to help the passengers board the dirigibles."	3
"While constructing the top of the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. According to the excerpt the architects couldn't just drop the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's roof. Also having a thousand-foot dirigible at the top of the building while being held by a single cable would add too much stress on the frame of The building. In order to maintain the dirigible in place it would cost them money. Quoating the article, ""The stress of The The The dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation... the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened... sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications."" The technical and financial issues made it difficult for architects to build a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building"	2
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, their were many obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One reason was the safety. Paragraph @NUM1 from the excerpts explains that, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" It shows us that if an accident was to happen on the mast above a densely populated area like downtown New York, then the accident could get ugly. Another reason why was nature itself. Paragraph @NUM2 explains that the, ""winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This was another safety issue because the dirigibles would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street. A third obstacle was that there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. As you can see those were some obstacles builders faced."	3
Al Smith announced that the Empire State Building would reach the new height of 1,250 ft on December 11, 1929. His plan was to build a mooring mast, at the top of the building to make it equiped for modern travel. The bulders faced three main obstacles, when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle was safety. Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen, which is highly flamable. When Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire, the owners of the Empire State Building became worried that a much worse accident would occur in New York.The second and greatest obstacle was nature. The winds was at the top of the building constantly shifted, which would cause the back of the dirigible swivel around the mast. The only way to solve this problem was with lead weights. This was not practical or safe.The final obstacle was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This made it illegal for the dirigibles to tie up to the building.In conclusion, the three main obstacles that the builders faced were safety, nature, and the law.	3
Al Smith had a great idea. When he thought he was going to have a dirigible station dock on top of the world's tallest building. He had great creativity and wanted to use his building to full potential. Although there were many problems to this idea. One was the urban area below, many people lived in downtown New York City and it would be against the law to have zeppelins flying above the populated area. Another important problem was the intense winds that were harsh and made it very hard to dock on the building. There were many obstacles in the way of fulfilling Al Smith's dream for the Empire State Building to dock dirigibles on the top of the building.	2
"In this project to construct a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, there were some problems. The idea of the mooring mast was to be able to dock dirigibles to the top of the Empire State Building + be able to have passengers get on + off the dirigible from + into the building. The big problem that it faced was the wind speeds that high up in the air. At nearly @NUM1 feet in the air the wind would be whiping around even a massive, steel, docked dirigible. When New York governor, Al Smith put forth ideas to construct this mast nobody realized untill after that it was a somewhat rediculous task. In paragraph @NUM2, it states, ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" After it was ruled impossible, people started to realize that everyone was just caught up in the new modern travel idea to be down to reality."	2
In the excerpt, it talks about making the empire state building the tallest in new york. It was the tallest building until archetectures built the chrysler building. The chrysler building stood 1,046 feet, 46 feet taller than the empire state building. So Al Smith realized he was gonna loose his tittle for having the tallest building. Then he came up with the idea of adding a top or a hat to the building.The idea Al Smith came up with was adding a landing spot for blimps or dirigibles. Al Smith knew it wasnt gonna be easy so he thought of possible reasons why it wouldnt work. He had to design another figure that would be able to hold the mass of the blimps. He also had to think about how passangers would get on and off the blimp. He also remembered most blimps use hydrogen instead of hellium which hydrogen is highly flammable. For example the German blimp hindenburg was destroyed by fire in lake hurst.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle the builders faced was the harsh winds. The Empire State Building is so tall that the winds were very fast and it would constantly change direction due to violent air currents. This made it very hard to dock the Dirigibles. Also another obstacle was the pedestrians and other buildings around. Most ballons were filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable. If a dirigible got caught on fire or crashed, a lot of damage would be done to the city and its people. The structure of the building also proved to be an obstacle. The dirigibles were so large that the buildings structure was at danger of failing and destroying the building. The final obstacle the building faced was the law that made it illegal for a ship to ever tie to a building or even fly that low in an urban area. Although there were a few attempts, the Empire State Building never was able to have dirigibles to dock on it.	4
"Based on the excerpt, builders faced many problems in allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. First, safety would be a large problem. Back then, most dirigibles used hydrogen (which is highly flammable) instead of helium to power them. This means that if there was a malfunction such as a fire, not only with the dirigible burst into flames, but the Empire State Building could too. Another obstacle builders had to confront was mother nature. According to paragraph @NUM1 of the reading, the location of the Empire State building has ""violent air currents"" with shifting winds. This problem would cause the dirigible to not stay stable. Although solutions like lead weights being hung from the back of the dirigible were offered, this only lead to more problems. If the lead weight fell, where would it land? The answer would be in the streets of @ORGANIZATION2 where pedestrians could be harmed. The final obstacle builders would have had to get through if they continued their plans for the dirigibles would be a law. The law stated (according to the reading) that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. So in theory, all of the plans the builders of this concoction had to be put to rest due to the governments law. In conclusion, many problems arose as building, and plans to make the ""Dirigible dock"" were made."	3
"In the excerpt ""the Mooring Mast"", the author @ORGANIZATION2 explains some of the obstacles that the builders had to face in their attemp of allowing dirigibles dock on the mast of the Empire State Building.First of all, the dirigibles were big and heavy and needed space to land. @ORGANIZATION2 stated that ""some were... the same length as four blocks in New York City."" If the builders wanted to @CAPS1 dirigibles on top of the building, they would need a lot of space to build a big landing platform for a safe landing.Secondly, the decided that they could not land dirigibles on a flat roof and decided to tie it with a cable tether. The authors says ""the architects could not simply drop the mooring mast on top of the... flat roof."" They realized that the weight of the dirigible would deform the buildings structure and that the strong winds could cause damages down to the foundation of the building.In conclusion, the workers faced many obstacles in order for them to @CAPS1 dirigibles on top of the State holding."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, while trying to build a dock for dirigible. One problem was safety. While American dirigibles used helium, other countries filled their dirigibles with highly flamable helium. If a dirigible were to ignite in a heavily populated area like New York City, the result would be deadly. Nature also caused problems with the mooring mast. The winds above the building were too strong and ever-changing, and could potentially destroy the dirigibles. Finally, federal laws stated that an air craft could not dock that close to a building. These three factors made it impossible for dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in building a mooring mast for airships to dock at the top building. The stress and preasure of a thousand foot dirigible docked at the top of the building was too great for the buildings original frame work to support, so they had to reinforce and strengthen the framework and base so the preasure would be transmitted to the buildings foundation. Another obstacle was most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION2 were filled with hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen was much more flamible and the hydrogen dirigibles like the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed in fire and they didn't want that to happen over New york's population. The final obstacle was the violent and shifting air currents over the building. Even if the front of the dirigible or ""mast"" was tied to the mooring mast the back would swivel around the mooring mast. The many unseen obstacles of the mooring mast made it in unpracticle docking point for dirigibles. In the 1930s after airplanes, and dirigibles had disappeared the ticketing & bagging rooms were turned into tourist and site seers areas."	3
"By attempting to construct a mast on the Empire State Building, builders encountered all sorts of problems. The purpose of this mast was to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock. Many of these problems however, were the effect of the dirigible itself. In paragraph thirteen, line @NUM1, the author talks about some of the dangers of the dirigible, ""Most dirigibles... used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Another obstacle is location. It was thought to be very unsafe because if a blimp caught fire it would land in the middle of New York City, not some remote cornfield And finally, the winds changed frequently that high up. It was an unwise decision to dock at this area if the dirigible would be blown around the building."	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast"", by @ORGANIZATION2 it revealed many problems with docking dirigibles on top of the Empire State Building. Al Smith, the Architect working on the Empire State Building thought the mooring mast would go up with no problems. Architects soon realized that the mooring mast would add stress to the buildings frame work and cost @MONEY1 in modifications. After seeing what happened to the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" in Lakehurst, Architects soon realized that having dirigibles filled with highly-flamable hydrogen over the densely populated New York City wasn't a good idea. Nature itself would not allow the mooring mass to be built.There was such violent air currents at the one thousand and fifty foot tall @ORGANIZATION1 altitude that made Architects aware that this idea couldn't be upheld. The dirigible would swivel around because it couldn't be weighed down like in open landing fields. They couldnt use these weights because having weights suspended over pedestrians heads was neither practical nor safe. There is also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to try and dock a dirigible on top of the Empire State Building. In the end, the idea of having dirigibles dock on the Empire State Building and become the new way of modern transportation was soon abolished."	4
while attempting to let dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. For one thing, there wasn't a whole lot of landing room in New York City for them which ultimately made things tougher. Also, they were forced to put more work into the building by strengthening and modifying the steel frame of it to accommodate the new situation. A lot of money was spent on these new renevations, over sixty thousand dollars. This was done mainly to reduce stress on the building's frame. But overall they managed to get it all done, and make their way through these tricky obstacles.	2
"There Are @CAPS1 things that Are worry Some About dirigibles docking there. One of them was the fact that ""The dirigibles would sway in the wind As the passengers walked down A Gangplank"". This would be unsafe because As it sways, it could knock the passengers off the plank and cause them to fall."	1
"The main obstacle in allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building's Mooring Mast was safety. ""Most dirigibles... used hydrogen... and hydrogen is highly flammable."" ""The owners... realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above downtown New York."" If an accident were to happen with a dirigible it would be putting hundreds of people's lives at risk. That is why this idea was unpractical and unsafe.Another obstacle in allowing dirigibles to moor at the Empire State Building's mast was nature itself. ""The winds on top were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mast. Lead weights could be used, but that was neither practical nor safe where they would be dangling high above pedestrians."	3
Based on the excerpt the builders faced many obstacles trying to attempt dirigibes to be allowed to dock on the Empire State building. The builders faced obstacles like the lack of land area in New York as said in @CAPS1 6. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says that a big problem they faced was they could just land right on the flat roof and some other problems they faced in this @CAPS1 was the cable at the top of the building added stress to the building eleven hundred feet below the building and some of this work cost over sixty Thousand dollars. Problems with safety is the lead wieght be dangling high above pedestrians on the street which was niether practical or safe. And another unsafe thing is in @CAPS1 @NUM2, they said that Hydrogen in these dirigibles was highly flammable which is very unsafe. In ¶ @NUM3 it says that there was an existing law against flying airship above urban areas.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was safety because outside the U.S dirigibles were using hydrogen instead of helium which is highly flammable. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of violent air currents. One more obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The law said it was illegal for a ship to approach or even be tied up to a building.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" (@NUM1) the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents causing the dirigible's back to swivel around the mooring mast. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen... hydrogen is highly flammable."" (@NUM2) @CAPS1 the Hindenburg which blew up, if a Blimp blew up over downtown New York, tons of lives would be lost, a huge risk to the mooring mast. ""Was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@NUM3) This law would prevent dirigibles from docking at the mooring mast legally. All of those obstacles contributed to the mooring mast being used only for show and contributing to the world's tallest building."	3
In the excerpt the @CAPS1 were faced with multiple issues on their theory. It took lots of time for people to begin realizing reality. For example, Airships had a law preventing them from getting to low to urban areas. Also they realized major would play a negative role. Wind would cause the @CAPS2 to swing around all Docked. They thought to way down the rear of the ship, but soon realized that is unsafe over many people below. They had heard of a @CAPS2 in New Jersey was Destroyed by fire, Due to its hydrogen, Also unsafe in New York with such a @ORGANIZATION1 population. Overall they began to realize saftey issues and how unpractical it was to do all of this.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced a multitude of obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was nature itself. According to the text, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The wind would make it difficult for the dirigible to get close enough to the mooring mast to get tied up, and even after it is tied up the wind would cause it to keep moving around the mooring mast making it impossible for passengers to exit. Another obstacle in the way of allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building is a pre-existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. In the text it states, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area,"". This is a very black and white problem against allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. A final, and perhaps greatest obstacle against allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building is safety. In the excerpt it states, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This creates safety hazards not only passengers and employee's of the dirigible but also the densely populated area below, that is downtown New York."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there were many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. Some of these obstacles include, poor designing, nature, and lack of landing area.Due to the poor designing of Al Smith the Age of Dirigibles had a concern on where to land them. Nature itself was a big obstacle as well. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The wind made this hard for the dirigibles to land. The last obstacle was the lack of landing area for these enormous balloons. Once Al Smith saw the opportunity to land the dirigibles on the Empire State Building, he took it."	2
And the builders of the Empire State building faced numerous challenges in order to add the mast to the building. They needed to consult with experts and learn all they could about how dirigibles themselves worked. It took engineers in New York and government workers all the way in Washington to piece together a plan on how to make it work. Just adding the mast would never work. Keeping it tethered by one cable would add a ton of stress to the framework, so all of the steel frame needed to be strengthened. Making the mast appealing to look at to took resources. Ultimately though, all the plans fell through. Nature had been the biggest problem. When currents are violent up in the air around the mast, which would cause the blimp the swing around dangerously. Had a ship crashed, hundreds of people in the urban New York would be crushed. The project had to be scrapped, with the mast becoming a purely decorative addition.	3
Obstacles the builders had to try and over come were the extra preshure on the frame of the @CAPS1 and the diffuclt docking process also the high speed winds that made it basicly impossiBle to do.	1
"The architects of the mooring mast faced many problems when building the mast itself. One of the problems was that most dirigibles outside of the country use hydrogen, which was highly flammable, rather than helium to make the blimps buoyant. If one of those blimps ever caught fire like the German dirigible, the Hindenburg, in New Jersey, then it would put many citizens in jeopardy. This densely populated area would be much more hazardous than a rural area in New Jersey.The last problem they faced was the law that prohibited airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made ""it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" @CAPS1 no foreign dirigible could dock and refuel there because of the type of gas keeping it afloat, while no @CAPS2 dirigible could dock and refuel because of the law prohibiting it, the idea of a mooring mast quickly diminished from the citizens imaginations and they looked to modern transportation such as airplanes."	3
"From the story the Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders faced huge problems when they tried to make it accessable for dirigibles to land. One major factor was the winds at such high altitude, ""The winds on top of building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The builders not only had to think of a way for the ships to be secure and not low around, but also needed a way to support the weight of the dirigible because of the already heavy building. These are only some of the great problems the builders needed to deal with."	2
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstecles in attemping to allow dirigibles to dock there. The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of suitable landing area. to solve this problem, Al Smith built a mooring mast. This would allow dirigibles to anchor their for several hours to refuel.	1
The problems that the Building had to face the could not unsolve the problem of mooring air ships to fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the installation of the landing gear.	0
"Obstacles that the builders of the Empire state building were, They had planned for dirigibles to tie to the mast could not because the way of the height of the building was @CAPS1 high dirigibles would not be able to keep @CAPS2 while unloading. For example in paragraph @NUM1 it says ""the goodyear blim columbia, attempted a publicity stunt Where it would it tie up and deliever a bundle of newspapers"", ""Because the complete dirigible mooring equipment had Never been installed, a worker atop the mooring mast would have to catch the bundle of newspapers on a rope dangling from the blimp"". other obstacles were, that dirigibles outside the united states had hydrogen in them Instead of helium, and hydrogen was very flammable."	2
"By attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. One of the obstacles that they faced was the re-desgning of the building. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"" that meant that they had to make modifications (over @MONEY1 worth). Another obstacle that they faced was that most of the dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. And the greatest obstacle that the builders had was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Even if the Dirigible got parked, the winds would shake its tail too much and that wasnt safe."	3
"There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced. One of the obstacles faced was when trying to dock on top of the building. Since it was so tall, there were very harsh winds that the dirigibles could be controlled. When the Los Angeles tried to dock there, it couldn't, because ""[it] could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" Also, ""the @CAPS1. could not even take his hands off the control levers."" because the dirigible might bump into other buildings if he did. Another obstacle they faced was that New York was densely populated and the mooring mast was surrounded by other buildings. If it caught on fire like the Hindenburg it could be a huge problem. ""... how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area."" The third huge obstacle they faced was that there was an actual law against anything flying that low in cities. There was, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This meant that the dirigibles couldn't even get close enough to tie up since they were allowed to fly down to it. Since there were so many apparent obstacles and flaws in the plan, the builders should've caught it before and never built the mooring mast above the Empire State Building"	3
In the excerpt there were obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. Al Smith saw an opportunity by adding a mooring mast to the top of the building allowing dirigibles to ancher there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers on and off. With this idea the architects and engineers of the Empire State Building had to consult with experts, by taking tours of the equipment and mooring operations at the U.S. Naval Air Station. The architects also met with the president of a recently formed airship transport company that planned to offer dirigible service across the pacific Ocean. Now as you can see the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there.	2
"The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was a lot of work. They had to spend a whole lot of money and it wasn't a easy job. They spended over sixty thousand dollars on just modifications. I know this because in paragraph @NUM1 it said ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building frame work. @CAPS2 you can see they spended a lot of money on the mooring mast.Also it wasn't a easy job to make everything work there was a lot of things they had to worrie about like safety issues. I know it wasn't a easy job because in paragraph @NUM1 it also said ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State buildings flat roof."" @CAPS2 you can see they struggled to make the mooring mast accomplish."	2
While attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building the workers faced many obstacles. One of the obstacles was safety. While the dirigible, or zeppelin, was docked its body would sway in the breeze. This lead to a question of safety for the passengers getting on and off. Also there was no safe way to weigh the dirigible down, like when the dirigible lands in a field. Any weights used would be hanging over pedestrians.  Another obstacle was the law prohibiting airships flying low over urban areas This law made it illegal for dirigibles to dock or approach the area The main obstacle was nature itself. There are very violent winds at the top of the Empire State Building which would cause the dirigible to sway. Docking at the Empire State Building was too complicated for the idea to be completed.	3
"In some cases builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as safety. As stated in the reading. ""The greatest reason was one of safety: dirigibles outside @LOCATION1 used hydrogen, which is highly flammable."" If a dirigible was to catch fire on top of that building it could do a lot of damage. The next reason is there are ""laws against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The Empire State building was built in the middle of downtown, if something was to go wrong the dirigibles could harm a lot of people. Another reason is because of nature. The author stated, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This put the dirigibles at risk of hitting that building or another. The last reason is because ""the complete dirigible mooring equipment had never been installed."" If the law and safety hadn't been a problem there would be no way to land a dirigible because they didn't have the things needed to land it. The obstacles made happened because they failed to fully look over their plan."	4
The obsticles the @CAPS1 faced In attempting to Allow dirigibles to @CAPS2 is that they needed a @CAPS3 enough cable so It cold @CAPS4 the Blimp, the passengers and any @CAPS5 weight. Another obstacles was How could they @CAPS6 that with the power of the wind that High up In the Air. Another reason is If @CAPS7 @CAPS8 there would Be padestrans At the @CAPS9. another reason Is the Building @CAPS10 would Have to @CAPS4 UP.	1
In the building of @ORGANIZATION1 gets very competitive. He wants to construct the biggest building in New York City. When the construction was going on he wanted to add a top or hat so that the mast would be able to drop off people directly into the building. But then there was a problem they had to consult it to allow it. Irving then let Al know that the building wasn't going to be done on time, because of the mast. That's what the Empire State building faced during its contraction.	1
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle they faced was that if a dirigible was moored by a single tether, ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below"" Another obstacle was that most foreign dirigibles used hydrogen, which was highly flammable, and when the Hindenburg was destroyed, builders realized that accident would have been much worse if it had happened ove a densely populated area like New York City. A third obstacle was violent wind currents that would cause the back of the ship to swivel around, and the back of the dirigible couldn't be weighted down like in open landing fields because that would cause the weights to dangle dangerously above that pedestrians on the street. These were major obstacles, and they are the reasons that the mast on top of the Empire State Building was never used dock blimps."	4
"The expectation for dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was very high. The men who built the massive structure should've realized that these expectations were urealistic. Al Smith had planned for dirigibles to refuel and to drop off/pick up passengers while docked at the @ORGANIZATION1. These plans would never manifest because; for in dirigibles were powered by hydrogen and it is highly flammable which could result in disaster, the winds atop the Empire State Building were much too strong, and there was a law permitting aircraft's from flying so low over urban areas.In one incident in Lakehurst, New Jersey the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire. The owners of the @ORGANIZATION1 saw ""How much worse that accident could have been [in New York City]. ""The greatest obstacle to use of the mooring mass was nature itself"" because the wind was so strong. Dirigibles couldn't even get close enough to dock. The law on the altitude of airships wouldn't allow dirigibles to even get close to the @ORGANIZATION1. The plans for the Empire State Building were never realistic and could never be fullfilled."	3
Elders of the Empire State Building faced many complications Safety was a major concern.  Battling with the harsh winds would also be a problem.When the idea of the mast was created, not many realized the reality of the concept.  To put an extremely heavy object and attach it to just a tether, was not safe enough.  The combination of combustible gases also suggested pulling down town New York at risk.To land on such a small roof would be difficult due to strong winds.  Guiding the dirigible to such a delicate landing would prove to be hazardous with the strong winds.The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obsticles when constructing the mooring mast.	3
"The main problem in the original design of the mooring mast was that ""the architects could'nt just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load & the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation."" Another obstacle the builders faced with the construction of the mast could be another example of the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"". With some dirigibles using the highly flammable hydrogen instead of helium another ""Hindenburg accident"" could prove to be fatal in a ""highly populated area such as downtown New York."" @CAPS1 perhaps the greatest obstacle would be ""nature itself."" The high force winds on top of the empire state building would cause the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast. Although the dirigibles could be weighted down, the weights would be hanging over pedestrians, which ""was neither practical nor safe."""	4
The builders of the Empire State Building planned to use the building to make New York the leader in modern travel. They built a mooring mast which they planned to use to dock dirigibles. Unfortunately, there were some unexpected difficulties and this goal was never accomplished.When the architects first decided to add the mast to the Empire State Building, they realized that they would have to redesign the entire building's support structure because of the pressure that a docked dirigible would put on the building. Even after this problem was solved, there were numerous obsticles keeping the goal from being reached.The architects had failed to see many of the potential problems with the mast. Not until after the mast was built did they realized that most dirigibles from outside the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium to stay afloat. Hydrogen, being highly flammable was not a risk that the builders wanted to take over the densely populated city. The architects also realized that the unpredictable high winds at the top of the mast would be too dangerous to dock a dirigible.Once these obsticles appeared, it became evident that the Empire State Building would never dock a dirigible.	3
There were many obstacles the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, The greatest obstacle of the mooring mast was nature. The winds on top of the building were shifting because of violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, was neither practical nor safe. The one obstacle to their use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. A morning mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on.	2
There were a few obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A dirigible is a blimp, giant steel balloons that are filled with hydrogen and helium. Dirigibles had a lack of suitable landing area in New York. Al Smith was a four-term governor of New York. He came up with the idea that a mooring mast being added to the Empire State building would allow dirigibles to anchor there, fuel up and passengers could safely get on and off the dirigible. The architects and builders had to consult with experts so they took workers at the @ORGANIZATION2, tested the mass and met with president of a recently formed airship transport company. After all those obstacles they could finally build the mooring mast	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced tremendous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, new friends would have to include more money. Anything done so top of a building so large would have to be balanced by strengthening the foundation. According to paragraph @NUM1, ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" Another large obstacle the builders would have to deal with was finding a way to neutralize the violent wind currents atop the @DATE1 ft. building. Even if the front of the dirigible was anchored to the mooring, the back would be left to sway in the wind, Any accident or damage done to a dirigible over such a highly populated area such as downtown New York would have devastating results. In conclusion, the risks of allowing dirigibles to dock atop the Empire State Building outweighed the rewards. When dirigible travel became less practical, the plan was scrapped completely."	3
"Problems the builders of the Empire State Building cam across were some tricky, life threatening ones. The first being as mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. When it explains that if a dirigible was to try and dock and something went wrong and it caught on fire, their would be serious damage done to the people below on the streets. Another obstacle the builders had to deal with was the ""greatest obstacle"" in paragraph @NUM2. the fact that the wind a top of the tower would be whipping the dirigible around with just a cable holding it to the mooring mast. Not making it safe for anyone around the building or in the blimp. One other reason the builders had to figure out when building the mast, was that no airships flying low could enter the area as mentioned in paragraph @NUM3. Those are some of the problems the builders had to face if they wished to dock dirigibles on the building."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there where difficult. One of the obstecles they faced was fixing the Empire State Building and the cost was high. For example in the excerpt it said ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" The plan never fully went thru because safety was an issue. Fire and people getting hurt on the streets was a big risk they could not make. It was also illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. The obstacles that the builders had to face made the idea impossible to happen."	3
"One obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was how to do it safetly. According to the reading, it says that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Another obstacle was nature itself. This sentence, ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" located at the beginning of paragraph @NUM1, proves that docking dirigibles at the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building was unsafe.       Last but not @CAPS1, another reason why dirigibles could not dock was because it was illegal. There was ""an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."" Because of that law, it would make it illegal for dirigibles to even approach the area. Therefor it would be impossible for a ship to land there."	4
"The builders of the Empire States Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For instance, in paragraph @NUM1, the author mentions that they had to consider the Hindenburg incident that took place on May 6, 1937, ""The owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York,"" says the author. They realized that the safety of the people has to come first in all scenarios. Also, another obstacle that Al Smith and the builders faced was docking the dirigible when people are down below. In paragraph @NUM2, The author says: ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" @CAPS1 dirigibles are often docked in open fields, weights to hold down the back of the ship could be used safely. But above a highly populated area was out of the question because lead weights dangling high above pedestrians is a safety violation. The builders had many obstacles in designing the use of the mooring mast."	4
"The builders from this excerpt faced quite a few challenges in trying to let dirigibles dock there. First off, the whole structure of the Empire State Building would need to be altered. Having a mooring mast atop the building with a dirigible attached would put great amounts of stress on the building's frame. The stainless steel in the structure's frame would need to be modified to be made stronger, however this is very costly. The excerpt says, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"" (paragraph @NUM1). Another challenge the builders faced was trying to deal with existing laws that had already been in place. The government did not want aircrafts flying too low over buildings. The excerpt says, ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against aircrafts flying too low over urban areas."" (paragraph @NUM2). The excerpt also says that this law would make it illegal for an aircraft to ever tie up to a building or even approach it."	3
Building a big piece of work is not easy. You have to fix the negatives and do everything correctly. You never know at times you have to tear things down for hard work to be completed right. When looking at you did right things to prevent bad things from occurring.You may face a whole bunch of things when building. The Empire faced attemps one allowed to dock when building the dirigibles to the dock was not performed or built right. Even though said, swinging to climb on as build pressure by.Although, Building things is hard. You get the beauty and hardship out of it. It helps you reminded of your wells done correctly.	0
The builders of the Empire State building faced a @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 as they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. The largest problems the builders encountered were due to safety and actually mooring the dirigible itself. The hydrogen used within the dirigible was unsafe, as hydrogen is very flammable. If the hydrogen caught on fire, especially over a place as densely populated as New York City, many people would be harmed. Additionally, the builders were faced with the task of mooring the dirigible. Dirigibles were normally anchored with heavy lead weights. However, if one used those weights to anchor the dirigible above city streets, pedestrians below could potentially be injured. Actually allowing the dirigible to dock brought up another problem for the builders to address: if the dirigible was tethered to the mast on top of the Empire State Building, the dirigible would swings around and around the mast to wind. Ultimately, the builders were unable to address these issues and the Empire @CAPS3 Building is now used mainly as an observation deck and building.	3
"Al Smith and the engineers faced many obsticles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One obsticle that they faced was that most of the dirigibles used hydrogen, hydrogen is a very flammable chemical, this could have led to the Empire State Building burning down and killing millions. Another obsticle they faced was mother nature, In a height like 1,250 ft, theire are incredible winds blowing, and someone even unexpected, they can blow the dirigible into the building, causing it to be fatal. Findly, the law prohibites the dirigible to be ""flying too low over urban areas."" therefore doing this would be illegal. the building faced many obstacle, it got through most of them, but in the end it would be extremly unsafe to go on with mast."	3
"On the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" written by @ORGANIZATION2, the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced was very difficult, in my understanding it wasn't successful.Architects and engineers of the Empire State Building consulted with experts of the @PERSON1 air station, the navy leader offered it's dirigible to be used in testing the mast. And in figuring out if it's okay for the mast to be used architects couldn't simply drop a mooring mast because it would cause stress to the building's frame. Also the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose. It wasn't safe enough and because those dirigible that come from outside the @LOCATION2 don't always use helium they use hydrogen which is highly flammable which is a bad idea to have in the @CAPS1 of downtown New York."	3
The obstacles that builders faced at the empire State Building in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there are. The possible dangers of having something fall on them. The hydrogen is highley flamable so the dirigible could blow up and ingor any one aroud it. The empire state building may not be strong enough to withstand the the moving of the @CAPS1 the back side moveing so much from the dangorouse winds, so the @CAPS1 could possibly pull off part of the building and could @CAPS2 nearby pedastrians.	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. Is that when the Empire State Building was conceived, it was Planned as the world's. Then the new Chrysler Building that was being constructed at forty-second Street. and @CAPS1 Avenue in new york. Before the Empire State began construction, and Al Smith was determined to outstrip. this dirigibles or zeppelin and the @ORGANIZATION2 was going to have a mooring mast at its top for docking.	1
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. One of those obstacles was that there was a lack of suitable landing area in New York City. Another obstacle was that the architects couldn't drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. However, the greatest obstacle was nature. Wind on top of the building shift constantly caused by violent air currents. The back of the ship with swivel around the mooring mast while it was tethered.	2
The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's roof because it would add stressing to the building's frames. So they had to modify the building's frames to strengthen them. Also most dirigibles rather use hydrogen which is highly flammable and destroy a population of New York. The greatest obstacle was nature itself. The winds constantly shifted and the back of the dirigible would swivel around and around the mooring mast making it unsafe for the pedestrians below. Finally another reason why dirigibles could not moor at the building was because there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas.	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the @CAPS1 face huge obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building. First ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"" The Reason for that is because the ""winds atop the building were allways changing due to the violet air currents"" ""Even if the dirigible were tethered  it would swivil around"" ""Also it would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street it was not practical nor safe"" It would be really dangerase if they proceed in docking atop of the building. Those are the obstacles the buidiers faced."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the author described the obstacles the builders of the empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. An architect named Al Smith was a four-term governor of New York who headed efforts to construct the Empire State Building after his years in office. He imagined the top of the Building to be a ""higher Calling"". He pictured it to be equipped for an age of transportation that was then the only dream of avation pioneers. It seemed possible in his eyes, till the obstacles turned up. The first obstacle that struck, was the lack of suitable area in New York City. They would have to clear about four blocks in the bussy city! The architects and engineers of the Empire State Building consulted with experts, but it didn't plan out too well. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. The building would now be 102 floors, with a glassed-in observation area on the 101st floor. In the end, The greatest Obstacle was just nature itself."	2
"When building a great task, many obstacles need to be faced. For the builders of the Empire State Building it was ones concerning the docking of dirigibles, or blimps. One was safety. The builders had to make sure it was safe to dock on and off the blimp, and it was safe to fly. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" People wouldn't be safe on a blimp that could expload at any moment. Another obsticle the builders had to face was building the mooring mast itself for docking. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The blimp wouldn't be able to hold correctaly to the mast and it would move around too much. It wasn't safe or practical for anyone. These are some obsticales many builders have to face, but the ones of the Empire State Building overcame them well."	3
The builders had to face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirgibles to dock at the empire state building but there were a couple main ones. The first main obstacle was that a thousand - foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. So with that they could not put the mooring mast on top of the building yet until they did some major adjustments. With that big problem the builders next obstacle was to design and build a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless stell tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself. The last little obstacle the builders had to face was that the mast also had a skeleton of steel and was clad in stainless steel with glass windows that had to be built and put up. Those were some of the obstacles the builders had to face while trying to put a mooring mast on to of the Empire State building.	2
When building the Empire State Building the @CAPS1 wanted to keep it the tallest in New York. They modified the buildings that it would not be succeeded by the chrystler building. It's original property was not to be a mooring mast. The empire state building had to be refraimed then the government banned aircraft too low then commercial airliners took over the avaiting industry. It was too dangerious for dirigibles to dock because the strong currents can blow them out of place causing accidents similar to the hindinburg.	2
"The Empire State Building faced many obstacles trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles are blimps. The first obstacle for the Empire State Building with just the size. The Empire State building was very competive with the Chrysler Building. Some oppinions were ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpast, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed. There was also the obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. They added a mooring mast. There was many trials and tribulates making the Empire State building."	1
"The empire state building was the building designed to be the world's tallest building. With this the governor Al Smith wanted the building to be more than ornamental as he says in his comments in paragraph three.Al Smith wanted the Empire State building to be equipped for an age of transportation. He wanted to create the latest attraction for the dirigibles. Which was to allow dirigibles to dock there. yet allowing this, little did they know that builders would face obstacles.With the idea of the Dirigibles, Al Smith Saw a great opportunity. When he was asked about the Mooring Mast idea AL Smith Said, ""It's on the Level, all right. No kidding. were working on the thing now."" Although the Mooring Mast of the empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, as explained on paragraph thirdteen."	0
The engineers and constructors of the Empire State Building definitely faced some large and overwhelming complications when trying to build it to allow the dockings of dirigibles, or blimps. First off, from their original plan, right off the bat, they had to modify the building because they found the actual height of another building was taller. so they had to come up with something fast to fix that. Secondly, after the Hindenburg disaster, @LOCATION1 had realized how dangerous it was for zeppelins to fly over urban areas, so they put a law against it, so the whole idea was basically tossed. And to make matters worse, the violent gusts of air and updrafts wouldn't make docking on the Empire State Building very safe for passengers.	2
"From the excerpt 'The Mooring Mast' by @ORGANIZATION2 we find that the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles. Their first obstacle was to figure out how to transfer ""the stress of the dirigible's load and windpressurs"" to the buildings foundation. Another was to modify the steel frame of Building and strengthen it to accommodate the situation of adding the mooring mast. And so the builders did modify the building and assigned a mooring mast, but when construction was completed builder came upon another obstacle. ""most dirigibles outside the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable, which is a danger if any would go up in flames above New York. The greatest obstacle with the winds. They were constantly shifting making it difficult for any dirigibles to even get close to the mast even if the could get to the mast the back of the dirigibles would swivel around the mast where in open fields dirigibles would be weighed down with lead weights. at the Empire state building they would be dangling higabove pedestrians, this was niether practical or safe. Because of all the obstacles the Mooring Mast would never be used"	4
"In a competition with architect building the Chrysler Building, Al Smith wanted to construct a taller building with a purpose. That purpose would be to dock dirigibles on a mooring mast. This seemed like a good idea, taking a mode of transportation very popular and new and allowing it to run in New York City. Then their were problems, in the beginning the architects knew that ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame"". So, with the time thay had, they assumed that they fixed the problem, but when it was finished the architects knew that ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to fufil it's purpose..."" Most of the problems didn't arise from the building but the practicality of having a dirigible land in a big crowded city, such as the highly flamable hydrogen that fills most dirigibles or the closeness of the other buildings to the blimps could cause them to burn. Overall the idea was good in theory, but could never be excuted. Only two dirigibles ever docked their and it has never been used since"	3
The obstacles faced by the Empire State building builders were. one was the existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. Stated in @CAPS1 @NUM1. Another obstacle was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. With the dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a cable tether would have put stress on the building therefore they would have had to make the structure of the building stronger	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Empire State Building is familiar to many people throughout the world, but not many know that the original purpose of the mast was to serve as a landing spot for dirigibles, also known as blimps. Do to the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, they eventually shelved the idea. One of the obsticles the builders realized that if a forign dirigibles were to dock and have an accident with any heat or a spark, they would explode and fall to the ground, killing many men, women, and children, due to the chemicals that are used on forign dirigibles. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1, another obsticle they faced violent winds, that would knock the dirigibles around. ""Winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" All in all the obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirgibles to dock eventually shelved the idea."	2
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders wanted to add a mooring mast top of the building, to allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling, or service, they couldn't do that because ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" Al Smith didn't get to allow the dirigibles to land on the building because of how skinny the top was."	1
The builders of the Empire State building faced four main problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of these problems was solved, the other three were not. The first obstacle was that since each dirigible would be connected to the top of the building by a single cable, enormous stress would be put on the frame of the building. This was solved by simply reinforcing the frame of the Empire State Building, but it cost over sixty thousand dollars to make the modifications. The second obstacle was not so easily solved. Dirigibles from other countries use hydrogen to stay afloat. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and the example of the Hindenburg blimp that burst into flame alerted the owners and builders of the Empire State Building to how dangerous an accident like that, especially in densely populated New York City, could be. The third obstacle also proved impossible to solve - because of the high speed of the winds at the top of the building, there would be no way for a dirigible to @CAPS1 safely. During the only test, the Los Angeles navy dirigible could not get close enough to @CAPS1 because of the high winds. It would have been all too easy for the dirigible to spin out of control and hit a spire on a nearby building. Lastly, there was already a law in place that prevented dirigibles from flying too close to urban areas, which would make it illegal to @CAPS1 or fly a ship in New York City.	4
The builders of the Empire state building faced alot of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the lack of suitable landing areas. They usually land in open fields, where they are weighed down with lead weights. In New York they would be dangling above pedestrians on the street. Another obstacle was safety. Most dirigibles use hydrogen, which is highly flammable. They worried an accident like the Hindenburg could happen, only this time it would be above a densely populated area. Another obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low in urban areas, so it would be illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building. The Final obstacle was Forceful winds. They could blow the dirigible onto the Sharp spires of other buildings and puncture the Shell, the captain couldn't take his hands off the control levers. All in all the mooring mast was not a very well thoughtout idea and it would not have been safe at all.	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were mainly due to structeral and safty issues. According to paragraph @NUM1, ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This problem required over sixty thousand dollares' worth of modifications to the buildings framework. Although structural issues were a problem, the safety of the pidestrians created a even bigger obstacle for the builders.Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium which created huge fire hazzards ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area, such as downtown New York"" (paragraph @NUM2). Even though the exsisting law against airships flying too low over urban areas prevented dirigibles from mooring at the Empire State Building, the biggest obstacle of them all was nature itself. The dirigibles shells could be punctured by the winds constantly shifting due to violent air currents."	4
"The builders have faced many obstacles, from laws to future disasters. There were several problems with the design and location of the mooring mast One problem was that ""the winds on top of the building, were constantly shifting."" Even though the architects adjusted the design of the mast, it was still too dangerous to land a blimp.Another major problem, was the dirigibles themselves They were filled with combustable hydrogen. If a blimp was to catch fire, like the Hindenburg, the debris would fall on the pedestrians' below. The last problem was a law that prevented ""airships flying too low over urban areas.""In conclusion, due to laws, the dirigibles and nature, the mooring mast was not used."	3
The were many obstacle's the builder's of the Empire State Building had to face in attempt to allow the docking of dirigible's. There was no way architects could drop a mooring mast on top of the building's smooth roof. If a thousand foot dirigible overshadowed the top of the building with only one cable tether, stress the building's frame would be added instantly. Stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would need to be transmitted all the way down to the building's foundation. Another obstacle for the builder's was that the building's steel frame would have to be strengthened to accommodate with this new design. The greatest obstacle in launching this new design was nature. Architects would needed to consider the constant shifting of winds due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible was tied to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would be unsturdy. The fact that this design would be dangling above the pedestrians on the street, would worry the architects concern of the population. Architects also had to deal with the law against airships traveling too low above urban areas. This law would state the forbidden right of one to tether a large ship to a bulding, or even approach the area. Although there were attempts of dirigible's to reach a bulding, the entire idea was dropped, much to the architects despite.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the fact that dirigibles contain highly flammable gases. If the blimp was docked over a large city like New York City, it would be very dangerous if a blimp did catch on fire. Another obstacle was that the docking system would not work as well as planned, nor would it be safe. These airships are at the mercy of the winds and weather. In normal cases of docking dirigibles on open landing fields, they are weighted down on the front and back. If the blimps were to stay in place on the Empire State Building, they would need to have a weight on the back as well as the front, which would end up dangling over the city. Without the weight on the back, the blimp would spin around the mooring mast. Finally, the height at which the dirigibles would have to be would not be safe. If the blimp were to the blown by the wind, the blimp would crash into the pointy tops of nearby buildings. These are the obstacles the builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	3
"In the @DATE1's, dirigibles were known as the transportation of the future. After the Empire State Building was built, the builder's attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. There were three main reasons that prevented the builders from attempting to allow dirigibles to dock, at the top of the Empire State Building. ""The one obstacle to there expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" Al Smith thought that if a mooring mast was added to the top of the building, it would allow dirigibles to anchor there for hours. But it was not easy for the architects to drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the moorin Mast was nature itself."" The violent air currents from the wind, would caused the back of the ship to Swivel around the moorin mast. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire state Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" In the end two dirigibles attempted it, but it did'nt work."	2
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The obstacles were safety, nature, and laws.Most foreign dirigibles used hydrogen which is highly flammable instead of helium. If a dirigible were to catch on fire above a very populated the city the outcome would be bad.The winds that high were very violent. There was no way to keep a dirigible still, even though the front is hooked to the building the back would swing. It was not safe.There was a law prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas. It was illegal to fly close to the building or to dock at it.The builders of the Empire state Building faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. One obstacle being to much stress on the buildings frame. The dirigible would somehow have to be connected to the frame, which was @NUM1 feet below. Another problem the builders faced was safty. The workers wanted to use hydrogen to keep the dirigibles afloat, but realized hydrogen is flamable. Other problems where nature and law. Nature's winds would complicate the dirigibles from staying still. Law stated that the dirigibles would be flying to low for urban areas. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems that led to a plan failed.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The greatest one being violent winds so high up. The back of the zeppelin would swivel around the mooring mast. There was also the fear of it blowing into the sharp spires of nearby buildings, causing it to burst. They couldn't use lead weights to hold it in place, because it wouldn't be safe to have them dangling above the streets. There was, at the time, a law against airships flying too low over urban areas, for simelar reasons. This would have made it illegal for a zeppelin to dock there anyway. These are some obvious problems, overlooked in the design of the mooring mast.	3
"There were several obstacles to the success of the construction. Perhaps the main obstacle, the obstacle that nothing could be done about, was the wind itself. On paragraph @NUM1 it mentions how the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. These giant- balloon like machines would constantly swivel around the mooring mast even if they were tied down. The Hindenburg disaster in May 6, 1937 also proved how dangerous it would be to have blimps filled with highly flammable hydrogen gas over a densely populated area, like downtown New York. The project was also held back by existing laws about flight in an urban area. ""It was illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" -says the author on paragraph @NUM2. Incoming blimps would simply be flying too low against law for this to work."	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the architects went through many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building.The engineers had to go through different expirences and consult with experts, and take tours of the equipment that would be used on the project. The architects had to realize they couldn't @CAPS1 drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, they had to realize the consequences and danger, like the wind pressure. Also, fires if a firework you happen many people would get hurt or killed due to New York's population The architects faced many obstacles but then taught them the danger and outcome if building the mooring Mast.	3
When building the mooring mast of the Empire State Building, architects faced many obstacles, such as spontaneous combustion, nature, and airship related laws. The first issue faced by builders was spontaneous combustion. Due to the accidental fire on the Hindenburg, the owners of the Empire State building realized that if a dirigible lit up on their building, the results would be even worse, for debris would fall on the busy New York streets. A second issue builders faced was mother nature herself. Because of violent air currents, the winds above the building were constantly changing. Is would mean that even if docked and tethered, the back of the ship would still spin. Normally, lead weights held down dirigibles in fields, but over New York City would be dangerous for they could snap off and fall to the pedestrians below. Finally, there were laws set in place regulating airship flight that held back construction. These laws set a limit on heights above urban areas, making a dock to the Empire State building, or even just approaching it, illegal. Builders of the mast on the Empire State building faced many obstacles during construction, such as fires, nature, and the law.	3
"The builders of the @CAPS1 state building faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigables to dock there. Their first problem was that it would add lots of stress to the building. This means if they had a dirigible tied up to the building in the wind it would put weigh on the building or pull it around. ""Nature was their greatest obstacle"" and it was very unsafe to have something like that hanging over the crowded streets of New York. In an atemp to make the building stronger the builders had to spend over ""sixty thousand dollars"" on the improvement of the skeleton or frame. There were also laws in place that did not allow large aircraft to fly low over a crowded city. This tells us that even if they did build the mast it would be illegal for the dirigibles to land there. There were many problems and the landing of a dirigible on the empire state building never happened."	3
They had problems with the dirigibles trying to land it thyre. The dirigible could have caught fire and it would have been worse. It was dangerous to attach piece to the part.The high wind was a problem.The dirigible could burn up fall down and people would die below.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1 the author States ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the @ORGANIZATION2 ing's flat roof."" This was true because it would ""add stress to the buildings frame. Also paragraph @NUM2 states ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" There were violent air currents, and landing techniques weren't promising. The builders had to use much caution because the idea of having a dirigible land at that height was neither practicle or safe."	2
Allowing dirigibles stock at the Empire State Building was never possible because of the obstacles that the architects faced. First, nature was against the builders. The strong winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting, which proved a hazard to dirigibles. Mooring dirigibles would lead weights was out of the question because they were a danger to pedestrians. Another obstacle was an already existing law that prohibited dirigibles from flying low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a dirigible to dock at the Empire State Building. The final obstacle was that a dirigible could be accidentally ignited and fall on New York. The destruction of the Hindenburg made clear that it was not possible to have a dirigible dock at the Empire State Building.	3
"In this excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", by @ORGANIZATION1, workers and builders try to make a docking area for Dirigibles (blimps). In the process in doing so they @CAPS1 many obstacles. First, obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing area. They really should've thought to make it bigger in the first place. Workers did work but was not enuff. The greatest obstacle was nature itself. If they were good builders and knew what they were doing and then they would know that wind up higher gets ruffer. Bacicaly should have thought things through a little more; lastly, was the law against airships flying to low over urban areas. Should have checked if there were ney laws which there was; Also, all that work for nothing. All these obstacles that the workers and builders @CAPS2 were things that could have been prevented, so money and time did not have went to waste."	3
Some obstacles that the empire state builders had while creating the Empire state building is having to deal with all fast winds. This reason being is because the giant needle that was build on top of the building was waving back an forth. which mad it harder to keep in place.Another obstacle would be, @CAPS1 bringing the dirigible or blimps towards the giant needle. It would pouncher the blimp. There was only made of cotton fabric.	1
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the constructors of the Empire State building faced many dificulties while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In every building or project there must the certainty that it is safe for everyone and that there is no risk of harm. ""The greatest reason was one of safety. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Dirigibles, or blimps, were not safe in general at the time. If one burned down in the middle of the country, the death toll and cost to repair what was damaged wouldn't be as much as if it burned down in downtown New York City. One, if not the greatest, challenge the constructors of the Empire State was that landing flamable blimps over the middle of a city was a safety hazard which could potentially kill many people as well as destroy parts of the city."	3
When designing the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building to dock dirigibles, the builders came across a few obstacles. A dirigible is a blimp filled with hydrogen and/or helium to keep it lightly in the air. What the builders did not realize ahead of time was that hydrogen is a highly flammable gas. If it is docked on top of a building around movement it could easily catch on fire creating the whole building itself to blow up. Another obstacle that the builders noticed would occurred was the forceful winds. With a dirigible dock so high up in the air, it creates an unstable way for people to get off of it. The vicious winds would make the back of the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast because only the front would be weighed down. The last obstacle that was found with docking a dirigible, was that it would be too low to an urban area. The dirigible would be too close to walking pedestrians, creating an un-safe enviroment if something was too go wrong. Without taking that chance, it was agreed that there were too many obstacles; therefore, the idea of docking a dirigible on top of the Empire State Building was cancelled.	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow Dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was when al Smith realized that he was close to Not winning the world's tallest building. It talks about it in paragraph @NUM1. Then he annonced that the building would reach 1,250 feet. That's an obstacle because without the building he cant make the dirigible, and he always wanted compitition so his building had to be the winning one and he had to build the dirigible."	0
Allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building came with a lot of obstacles to make it work. One obstacle is their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Some dirigibles were as long ase one thousand feet long which is equal to four blocks in New York City. Another obstacle is they could not drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. This would add stress to the buildings frame and to dirigibles moored up their.	2
The builders had a tough obstacle Because They in @CAPS1 were tryn to @CAPS2 A overall @CAPS3 Building. And were tryn to compete. The Dirigibles were A @CAPS3 part in Building The empire State Building Because They were faced with obstacles That were hard like @CAPS5, @CAPS6, Height and ext. These were the @CAPS7. On Dirigibles to @CAPS8 There were The Dirigibles were not heavy @CAPS9 They @CAPS10't @CAPS8 as well And It was made with light mater ials. These are The reasons why This happens.	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Such as there was a law preventing airships to fly too low over urban areas. Also they could not ancor down the back of the blimp, and due to the shifting winds that high it would not be safe for passangers to get on and off. The building also had to be rebuilt to be able to come close to staying stable with the dirigible attached. And last was the differences In gases used to keep the blimps afloat. most dirigibles from outside of the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium. hydrogen is highly flamable making in very unsafe. These are some of the obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
"The biggest obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. It was ""The winds on top of the building were contently shifting due to violent air currents."" Due to the wind currents dirigibles would not be able for to stay still to allow the passengers to get off of the dirigiblel. They once tryed this. ""In December 1930, the @ORGANIZATION2 dirigible los Angeles approached the moorning mast but could not get close enouh to tie up bacase of forceful winds."" If the winds blue strong eneogh it could @CAPS1 the dirigible into a sharp object. After this atempd there was an; ""The building was an existing low against airships flying too low over urban areas."" ""It would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" @CAPS2 any dirigibles could never tie up the the building because of this new law. The biggest obstacle was the winds. The winds were because it's put tremondos stress on the building."	3
In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. Safety was a huge issue. Foreign derigibles often used hydrogen gas to stay aloft, which is highly flammable. A fire posed a dangerous threat in such a densely populated area as New York City. Another great obstacle was the turbulent wind at the elevation of the mooring mast, which would have prevented the dirigible from staying in one place. This would make it extremely difficult for passengers to safely board or exit the zeppelin. One way to solve this problem would be to weigh down the blimp with lead weights, but this was also a dangerous practice, because the weights could fall to the ground and crush those passing by. Although a mooring mast was in theory, a useful idea, it was neither safe nor practical.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof."" A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. As stated, modifications had to be made to the building's framework strengthen and accommodate the new situation. Another great obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were consulate shifting due to violent air currents."" This would leave the dirigibles swiveling any air above pedestrians which was neither practical or safe. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles during the project which unfortunately led to the known fact that the Empire State Building was never going to fulfill its purpose."	3
Some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced on attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were That architects cannot simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. They would also have modifie and strengthened the steel frame of the Empire State uilding and all this was going to be worth sixty thousand dollars of modifications. Theese engineers had to try to dope out a Practical workable arrangement and also the government People in washington were figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to the mast. This idea of doing this was neither practical nor safe because all this things would be dang ling high above Pedestrians on the street. This could have never happened either because there was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. Theese were some of the obstacles the builders faced on attempting to allow dirigibles to dock over the Empire State Building.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems that prevented dirigibles from landing there. It was too dangerous to tether dirigibles to the mast of the building for four main reasons. The first was that a dirigible moored to the mast of the building ""would add stress to the building's frame"". This problem was soon solved, however, as the steel frame was changed and it became strong enough to endure the added stress. Another reason that dirigibles could not be attached to the Empire State building is that dirigibles are highly flammable when they use hydrogen gas. It became apparent that if a dirigible were to catch fire in downtown New York it would be too terrible to risk. Dirigibles also couldn't be attached to the mast because the winds on top of the building would cause the back of the ship to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast"" and this would not be safe. Finally, dirigibles could not be moored to the Empire State building because ""the sharp spires of other buildings in the area [could] puncture the dirigible's shell"". The dirigibles could not fly so low without posing a risk to the people. Dirigibles could not land at the Empire State Building because there were too many dangers."	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building was nature itself.	1
The @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the high winds and the building struggled to stay up. The builders had difficulty getting the building to how they want it. They kept adding to the building and making it taller. The dirigibles needed it to be bigger so they could see it. The problem was that it kept on breaking or something would go wrong. They kept working on the building to try and get it right but continued to fail. They had to make their plans realistic and that was there major problem.	1
There were a few problems with the dirigibles docking on the empire state Building. One problem would be the foundation. If dirigibles were to land on the building it would cause tension on the buildings foundation, @CAPS1 squishing it down. The architects would need to have made adjustments to the Foundation in order for a dirigible to land. Another problem was the way the ship would be docked. when the ship would be docked, it would be a hazard because it would sway back and forth around the mast. Either causing damage or injury to people of New York.	2
In @DATE1, the Empire State Building was constructed and would be used to house a new form of travel. The mooring mast, constructed at the top of the building would be used to dock one-thousand foot dirigibles; the future of travel. In theory, the blimp would be docked at the mast, using an electric winch, but in reality, there was no safe way of doing so at such a high altitude. Another challenge faced was the highly flammable gas, hydrogen, which was used. One lit match could send the steel frame plummeting to the earth below. The soft fabric which covered the steel frame could easily be punctured, which was unsuitable for an urban area.The men constructing the blimp either looked over, or forgot the elements of nature which restricted this project. At the peak of the building, winds reached high velocities, and shifted directions rapidly which would have rapped the dirigible around the mast. The greatest obstacle was the law, restricting airships from flying too low over New York's growing urban civilization. In the Empire State Building's history, one blimp has attempted to simulated dock, and another has performed a newspaper stunt. Any man his right mind would see that this project was doomed before it had begun.	3
"Based on the excerpt, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle is described in paragraph @NUM1, ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would and stress to the building's frame."" This means that they would need to strength the whole building. If they didn't the building would maybe fall over. The next obstacle is described in paragraph @NUM2, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" This means that the wind is so strong up there, it would take a while to land safely. Also, that the wind could cause the dirigible to fly away. The @CAPS1 obstacle is described in paragraph @NUM3, ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. ""This means they could be a target to destroy the building. Another thing, is that if it ever fell it would kill a lot of people. These obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were not overcome and the project was cancelled."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" author Marcia Amidon Lüsted speaks of the obsticles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, the frame of the Building had not been built to withstand a thousand foot long blimp docking to it. Therefore, changes would have to be made to make the building stronger. As the excerpt says, ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"". Also, having dirigibles dock to the building would be unsafe for many reasons. For example, dirigibles were often filled with hydrogen rather than helium, and as the excerpt points out ""hydrogen is highly flammable"" thus, the owners of the building realized that it could cause tragedy if a blimp were to crash while flying above New York's busy streets. Also, strong winds at the top of the building made it difficult and dangerous for blimps to dock at the mooring mast, because they would cause the back of the ship to constantly move. Finally, there were laws preventing aircrafts to fly so low over the city. There were many obsticles in allowing dirigibles to dock to the building."	4
"In the making of the Empire Building the builders faced some problems. All of these problems or negative for what they actually wanted to do. Some of these problems were because of what the balloon was made of. Most balloons used hydrogen instead of helium. In the excerpt they say ""hydrogen is highly flammable"" which could cause many deaths. Also another was strong winds that could carry the balloon and be hard to handle. Last situation would be that there is a law about low-flying vehicles and the balloon flys low. In conclusion the problems they had could not be fixed, so the plan was ruined."	2
The builders of the empire State Building faced many problems atempting to dock dirigibles. Most of these problems were safety concerns. One issue was the use of hydrogen, which is highly flamable and explosive gas. A fire acident would be catastrophic, since down town newyork is densely populated. Another problem was that the tail of the dirigible could not be weighted down as it usualy is, because then thered be massive weighs dangling over the streets. With the winds blowing and the blimp not securely tethered, and not weighted, Dirigibles would have swayed and moved around. That creates the risk of the blimp getting punctured by sharp edges on other buildings. Also if the blimp ever successfully moored it would create tremendous stress on the building. Besides the technical issues there were some obvious obstacles that oddly never got considered or addressed. The first being a law prohibiting low-altitude flights of airships over urban centers. That makes it illegal to even attempt to land, meaning there was never any remote chance of the mooring mast functioning. The second promblem was, the proper mooring equipment were never installed. That meant no attempt could ever succeed. The builders faced many obstacles building the mast but they're biggest obstacle was lack of preparation, failure to address obvious problems.	3
"In the passage ""The Mooring Mast"" The excerpt went through @CAPS1 obstacles Such as @CAPS2. If the men were not trying to compete the buildings would probably have been okay. If you take your time and real try to reach your goal you can."	0
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced is dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mast.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building had obstacles in their way. There were Dirigibles that were one thousand feet long and they had an obstacle which was that they did not have much space in New York to land. Al Smith decided that was a good idea to let dirigibles anchor on top of his building for some hours for ""refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on."" But the dirigibles were docked by an electric winch that tied the ship to the mast. The dirigibles would swing and people would still get on and off safely. Architects and engineers of the Empire State Building worked/talked with experts and got equipment ""and mooring operations oat the U.S. Naval Air Station"". which the navy was the leader in the development of dirigibles in the U.S. and knew everything. The Navy offered its dirigibles to be used for testing the mast. Also the architect met with president of an airship transport company that offered a dirigibles service across the Pacific ocean. so the builders had many obstacles and attempts to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building."	3
"The idea of docking a one thousand feet long dirigible to a mast eleven-hundred feet above the ground never seemed possible. From the factual evidence provided in paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2, the theory is proven failure. ""Dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen which is highly flammable."" If a dirigible caught fire trying to dock at the Empire State building, the accident would quickly turn into a catastrophe. ""The greatest obstacle was nature itself."" The high-speed and shifting winds atop the Empire State building would cause mooring dirigibles to branish around the mast. Another obstacle the builders of the Empire State building faced was the law forbidding air vessels of flying too low over urban areas. A problem that would condemn the theory from the start."	3
"The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles with allowing dirigibles to dock there. For one thing, they were mainly ""hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable"". A fire in one of these would be devastating being over an enormous city like New York. The wind currents would also make it impossible to dock there. ""The ship would swivel around the mooring mask"", and could even potentially puncture the frame. The whole idea was dangerous and risky. In fact, it would of been illegal for flying ""too low over urban areas"". Not only was it dangerous, but aganst the law too. Overall, these were the obstacles that workers faced, and the obstacles that won out in the long run."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The dirigibles weren't safe in a city like New York because of violent wind currents at the top of the building that would make the dirigibles ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Also many blimps from outside the United States were filled with hydrogen, which is highly flammable. If there was an accident like the Hindenburg in New York, more than just the passengers would be harmed. Another obstacle was that there was a law forbidding airships to fly too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for ships to even go near the Empire State Building."	3
Based on the excerpt the builders of the Empire State Building faced problems such as to much wind movement, to much weight, and to many safty risks. when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there.The wind movement would move the dirigibles around when trying to dock so they would have troubles with that. They would also have weight problems because they didn't have a stable enough frame around the building. They would have to pay alot of money to fix this problem.The last problem was a safety problem. After the German dirigible Hindenburg blew up they realized that it was way to dangerous to have blimps landing over crowded cities It was also a flying law of airships not being able to go that low over a city.This is why the builders had faced so many problems.	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced made it hard to build the Mooring. One problem they faced was that most of the dirigibles made outside of the @PERSON1 Used hydrogen rather than helium. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the owners of the Empire state building realized how much worse it would be if that happened in New York city which is highly populated."" @CAPS1 obstacle was mother Nature. Winds at the topof the building were constantly changing. In paragraph @NUM2 the author states ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" The last obstacle was laws against airships flying too low over urban areas. In paragraph @NUM3 the author states ""this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area""."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, there were obstacles that the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The majestic spire of the Empire State Building is familiar to many people throughout the world, but not many know that the original purpose of the mast was to serve as a landing spot For dirigibles also known as blimps. The builders of the Empire State building faced a myriad of obstacles. It is proven when it says ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building Flat Roof... A Thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable Tether, would add stress to the Buildings frame"". They took a risk in having the dirigibles tied to the Empire State building, which can cause pressure to the building which soon might clasp. Another @CAPS1 that proves that the builders Empire State faced, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature its self"" The winds on top of the building made it dangerous. clearly there were obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced."	2
There are some obstacles the builders face during this time while building the Empire State Building. One of the issues was the unsolved problems of mooring airships to fix a mast at a height desirable to postpone installation to a later date. The Empire State Building wasn't destined to ever fulfill its purpose. For reasons it should have been apparent before it was constructed. And another obstactle was the lack of a suitable landing area.	1
"The builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles such as weather, chemistry, and construction issues in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, the height of the building meant that, ""the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". Due to the violent wind currents, the backs of the dirigibles would constantly orbit around the mast. Another problem that the builders of the Empire State Building faced was the gases that most dirigibles were made of. Most of the dirigibles from outside the country were made out of the gas hydrogen: an incredibly flammable gas. This problem was exhibited by the German dirigible Hindenburg that was destroyed by a fire. With this misfortune, the owners of the Empire State building noticed ""how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as a downtown New York"". With this realization, the builders of the Empire State Building finally came to realize that a dirigible dangling high above the street was not safe or a practical idea. Lastly, the construction of the building itself posed a problem the obstacles of the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would put stress upon the frame of the building and would be incredibly expensive to modify. However, the builders fixed this problem at the cost of sixty thousand dollars. Unfortunately, the other problems with the construction were too great."	4
One obstacle that the builders faced was that havin dirigibles hanging over a heavy populated area was extremely dangerous, because May 6, 1937 the german's dirigible was destroyed by fire, another obstacle was that it was illegal to have blimps flying to low over heavy populaded areas. So Al Smith had to let go of that plan.	2
Trying to allow dirigibles dock on the Empire State building caused way to many obsticals for the builders. Dirigibles were up too one thousand feet long, this would make it realistically impossible for it to dock because the size of it would add stress to the buildings frame builders would have to reconstruct and make the frame stronger. Most non-@CAPS1 dirigibles are filled with hydrogen and not hellium which I highly flamable if cought fire pedestrians could be seriously hurt. Finding out later they an existing law about airships flying to low which would make it illegal for a dirigible to even fly near the Empire State building	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many obstacles to allow dirigible's to dock there. What these builders were facing was a thousand foot derigible moored at the top of the building, the height of the Empire State Building is 1,250 ft. Adding the single cable tether would add to much stress to the buildings frame, the workers would need to modify and strengthen the buildings frame. Another problem they didn't realize at first was the wind, from violent air currents. With all these problems that were not easily fixed, eventually the idea of a dirigible at the top of the Empire State Building dissapeared."	2
The Empire state building was facing of with Chrysler building that was being constructed. Chrysler building had a trick up his sleeve by constructing 185 foot spire inside the building and the shocked the public. Bring it to a hieght of @DATE1 feet, 46 feet taller than the originally announced hieght of the Empire State building. Soon to be the tallest building. The empire state building was destined to neve fulfill it's purpose	0
"Architects designing the Empire State Building with the intent of docking zeppelins to it at heights of over @NUM1 feet no doubt had a lot to go through. According to ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, obstacles included adding stress to the buildings frame with a blimp attached, and the design of the mooring mast itself. The article says that ""the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"" in order to make docking safe. The mooring mast was composed mostly of steel. Other problems facing architects was the wind factor, and keeping zeppelins immobile in the ""constantly shifting"" and ""violent air currents"" at @NUM2 feet. Safety hazards also came into account, because architects realized that should another accident like the Hindenburg's occur again in New York City, results could be disastrous. As such, the Empire State Building's mooring mast for zeppelins never went into operation."	3
"Although the plans for the mooring mast were optimistic, there were many obstacles that kept that plan from becoming a reality. The first  reason why builders difficulty allowing dirigibles to dock was because of safety. The helium that filled the balloons was highly flammable. If one were to catch fire, it would be a danger to all of New York City. Secondly, the high winds made it unsafe for the dirigibles. Paragraph @NUM1 states, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around..."". Lastly, the builders faced the obstacle of pre- existing laws when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast. An existing law stated that aircraft couldn't fly too low over urban areas. These three main obstacles were face by the builders of the Empire State Building. The mooring mast never became a reality because of these obstacles."	3
"The obstacles builders faced were weather, hight of the structure, stability of the structure, and worriying about the highly flamable gases from the dirigible. The weather affected having the dirigible dock there because the winds could whip it around, knocking it into nearby buildings. The structure needs to be stable at it's hight so the dirigible doesn't knock over the empire state building. The author Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 states, ""The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation,"" this was nessisary so the dirigible wouldn't knock over the Empire State Building, wiping out a lot of New York. The highly flammable gases would need to be under intense supervision, because if they caught of fire the Empire State Building and pedestrians, and downtown New York would catch of fire. These reasons are the obstacles they faced and why a mooring mast was never completed and used."	3
They could not put a thousand - foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, it would add stress to the building's frame.	1
"The idea of using a mooring mast in order to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building was never a practical one. This is due to the many struggles that were faced when Al Smith's team was attempting to create a mooring mast that would serve the purpose of docking dirigibles. such obstacles included; the pressure a docked dirigible would have on the building itself, the hazards of high winds causing the dirigible to be shaken violently, the chance of the dirigible catching on fire due to the flamibility of the hydrogen if in it, and the close proximity the dirigible would have to other buildings in the area The first problem faced during the development of the mooring mast was the stress of the heavyweight of the dirigible would put on the building. ""The steel frame of the [building] would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate [the added pressure from the dirigible]."" The dirigible's weight was not the only thing that put stress on the building, the wind pressure would also. The wind made it difficult for creating a mooring mast's structure because it would not only add pressure to the building because the dirrigible itself to not be able to stay in one place ""Even if the dirrigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" An accident that could occur would be a fire due to possible flamibility. And since the dirrigible is so close to people, such as tourist on the building's observation deck, the dirrigible catching on fire (if it's filled with hydrogen instead of helium) could be more disastrous than if it landed in an open field. Lastly,  the dirigibleis so close to urban areas that it is illegal for such airships to dock or even fly at such proximity.  For example, when the Los Angeles tested  the docking process to the mooring mast of the Empire State Building it ""could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" All of these were major obstacles to the building process of the Empire State Building and it's mooring mast for docking dirigibles. These are also the reasons why the architects of the Empire State Building came to the conclusion that such a structure would not be practical to construct."	4
Architects of the Empire State Building faced a tremendous amount of obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. Al Smith, the man who wanted to construct the tallest building, stated on December 11, 1929, that the Empire State would be 1,250 feet tall. It was decided that the building would have a mooring mast at the top for docking airships like the dirigibles. The blimps, however, was very spacey. Some were as long as one thousand feet in length. So a mooring mast sounds fitting. It would allow dirigibles/blimps to anchor there to refuel as well as letting the passengers off and on.Presently, the purpose of the mooring mast was never carried out. Problems that faced it was that most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and the German dirigible Hindenburg incident caused the Empire S Building's owners to realize how bad it would be if it happened above such a densely populated area like New York. The winds on top of the building is always changing. A dirigible tethered to the mooring mast would have the back of the ship swivel around and around. Weights couldn't be added to weigh down the back because the blimp would be right above people walking on the streets. Another practical reason was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for the blimp to even approach the building.On December 1930, U.S. Navy dirigible reached the mooring mast. However, it could not get close enough to tie the blimp in place due to forceful winds. The captain couldn't even take his hands off the controls in fear. In the late 1930's, the idea disappeared to be replaced by airplanes.	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. These obstacles included having to redesign and modify the building structure, the dangers of a dirigible catching fire, the swirling winds, and state law. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (@NUM1) This was because the building was not originally built to have that capability. This meant, in order to do this meant over sixty thousand dollars in modification had to be spent. Another obstacle faced was the natural dangers of a dirigible. Dirigibles have a likely chance of catching fire, as displayed by the Hindenburg. If that same accident were to happen over the densely populated area of New @CAPS1 it would be a catastrophe. Another obstacle was that the winds up above the building are always swirling rapidly. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back the ship would swiveled around, and around the mooring mast"" (@NUM2) This would just be dangerous to have something that large spinning round and round. The last obstacle faced by builders was that state law @CAPS2 aircraft flying as low as the mooring mast. This would make it illegal for the mooring mast to be used. This probably should have been considered. Overall poor planning created very many obstacles for builders in letting dirigibles dock there."	4
"There were many obstacles workers face when building the Empire State Building: making the structure of the tallest in the world, making it serve a greater purpose than being just a building and most of all it had to be stable.Designing and building the tallest structure in the world was quite the @CAPS2 for architect Al Smith, his building had to be taller than the 1,046 foot tall Chrysler Building. The Chrysler building was originally only @NUM1 feet and the Empire State building was planned to be @NUM2 feet. But when the architect of the Chrysler Building revealed a spire that was to be placed on top, the Chrysler Building's height shot up to 1,046 feet, just 46 feet taller than the Empire State. The competition had begun.When Al Smith was constructing a piece to fit on top of the sky-scraping building, he wanted to be ""more than a spire or dome or pyramid put there to add a desired a few feet"" (paragraph @NUM3), he wanted something that would truly awe people. With the popularity of blimps, or dirigibles, on the rise, Smith decided he would create a docking station for them on top of his building. Although, a great deal of effort and frustration proved the task impossible. The main reason being that there was too much margin for error and that chance did not want to be taken with a crowded city of @ORGANIZATION3 below. The tip still being added though, put the Empire State Building at 1,250 feet, @NUM4 feet taller then the Chrysler Building.The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 that the building seems to face was the elements. The monstrous structure had to withstand very high winds. Most of the building was weather proof, the only problem being the top. It was designed to look almost like a rocketship, with four wings at it's base. Lined with steel, th structure still holds today. Most of the challenges faced by the crew building this magnificent structure seemed impossible, but they created the building they set out to build. And it is still the tallest in the world to this day."	2
"The workers' constructing the Empire State Building faced many problems while building a dockable mooring mast for dirigibles, two of which were that the winds at that height were unpredictable and foriegn dirigibles using hydrogen instead of helium. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to Violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This quote shows how unsafe it could be for dirigibles to dock up that high. The high winds could cause loosening of the dirigible which could cause it to go flying off, which is unsafe to the pedestrians. Also, ""Most dirigibles from out side of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) This shows yet another safety hazard the workers ran into. If something were to go wrong the dirigible could catch ablaze and come plummeting down to a large amount of pedestrians. These two are reasons or problem workers ran in to when deciding whether to not it would be safe or easy for dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast uptop the Empire State Building."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @PERSON1 @CAPS1 the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are in many ways. In my own opinion I think the Empire State Building is familiar to different people but not many knows the purpose to serve a landing spot for dirigibles. For an example ""The greatest reason was one of safety: Most States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" In conclusion that is one way how they faced the obstacles.In another way how the obstacles and builders of the Empire State Building faced to attemting to all dirigibles to dock there is by transportation. In my own opinion transportation allows people to go to one place to another, For an a example ""By the @DATE1's dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the future. The quote that I have just stated means that it allows passengers to go places where they want to. In conclusion, those are two examples the describes the obstacles and that allow dirigibles to dock there."	1
"Based on the article, ""the Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, there are many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. @ORGANIZATION2 states in paragraph @NUM1, ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons have been aparent before it was ever constructed."" One reason was safety. The dirigibles that were made outside of @LOCATION1 contained hydrogen instead of helium, thats wrong because hydrogen is highly flammable. Another reason was because of the winds. They constantly change, they are violent air currents, and they moved the dirigible. The other reason and most important reason is because dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building because its illegal. There is a law against airships fly too low over urban areas and for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach it was illegal. There were many obstacles the builders went through."	3
Just like in life there are many obstacles. When you're trying to build a new invention that can't be easy. So there were many obstacles when building a docking area for drigibles on the Empire State building.One obstacle was the wind. People cannot control the wind or anything in the wind. So when it was really windy the back of the dirigibles would swing back and forth. When the Navy tried to tie up the dirigibles they couldn't get it close to the mooring mast because the winds were strong. That's one obstacle of building docking areas.Another obstacle is safety. The dirigibles used gas instead of helium, so it was very flammable. Also they don't have a lot of control over them. If the dirigible ever came crashing down it would kill a lot of pedestrians.If the Navy could fix these obstacles then the dirigible would be a good idea. They are hard to fix but probably possible. The better idea though is to just get rid of them.	3
The architects of the Empire State Building faced too many challenges when trying to create a dock for dirigibles. First, there was the matter of safety. If a hydrogen zeppelin were to catch fire over New York City, it would be disastrous. It could start a huge city fire. Also, the wind was capricious up there, and would make it extremely difficult to dock and stay docked. The Navy tried to, but was unsuccessful, because the wind did not allow for them to even get close to the mast. Third, there were laws preventing airships from flying too low over cities, which really put an end to the whole idea. The plan was dangerous from the start, albeit a really awesome one.	3
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced attempting to allow derigibles to dock there are the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation which was eleven hundred feet below. But the greatest obstacle was the wind, which would constantly shift, due to violent air currents.	2
"Builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there such as safety, weather, and policies. One of most obvious issues was the safety of the docking. Blimps run on hydrogen, which is highly flammable. If something were to happen while refueling the dirigible, it could potentially cause extreme harm to the densely populated area underneath it. Another stumping factor was the weather at such high altitudes. At 1,250 feet above the ground, the wind is constantly changing directions because of the ""violent air currents"" so high up. Also, it proved to be difficult to tie the blimp because since the winds were so strong, the dirigible could not get close enough to the building. One last obstacle that was apparent was the law that was made stating that airships could not fly low over urban areas. This made the mooring dock illegal if used and made captains of the blimps aware that being so low and close to many buildings makes it challenging and dangerous to dock the dirigibles."	3
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, we are informed of the many obstacles standing in the way of landing a dirigible at the top of the Empire State Building. One obstacle can be found in paragraph @NUM1 it says, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than hellium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" As you can see the use of hydrogen would provide a great hazard to New York City as a dirigible was landing on the top of the building. It is a highly populated spot and could be potentially very dangerous. Another example of an obstacle can be seen in paragraph @NUM2. It stated that ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" @CAPS1 to the wind. Lüsted informs us of the terrible hazard of the air currents at the top of the Empire State Building. All in all, many obstacles stood in the way for allowing dirigibles to dock, and in the end that is why it wasn't successful."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced a lot of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A few of these problems included designing the mast and making sure that it was safe enough for dirigible to dock on. According to the excerpt, ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" This meant that the builders would have to change the plan of how the building could be built to be able to hold the dirigibles. After they constructed a new layout for the building the conflict of safety came into play. Stated in paragraph @NUM1, ""The greatest reason was one of safety: Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly inflammable."" Another big safety issue was ""nature itself."" ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The air currents made it so that they had to tie down the dirigible, but even then it is dangerous because it would be dangling over pedestrians on the street. The design and safety of the building both were big obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire State building. One obstacle they faced is the safety of the passengers when the dirigibles would dock and the frame work of the building wouldn't collapse. I know this because in between paragraph @NUM1 and @NUM2 the excerpt says, ""'One set of egineers are here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement and the government people in Washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to this mast.'"" The mast weighs alot so they're afraid it will put too much pressure on the empire state building. The egineers were also afraid of the dirigibles blowing up because the dirigibles use hydrogen. Hydrogen is way more flammable than helium. I know this because in between paragraph @NUM3 and @NUM4 it says, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. These were a few of many obstacles the workers faced"	3
The architects didn't realize how many potential problems the mooring mast would bring until it had failed. The greatest reason why the dirigibles couldn't land was purely safety complications. Many dirigibles at the time used hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. Another main reason was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were very violent and could easily push a dirigible in the wrong direction. Before these problems, there was an already existing law against the flying of airships too low over urban areas. Dirigibles could not dock at the Empire State building because it was unsafe and illegal.	3
"In the excerpt the builders of the Empire State Building had many obsticales to deal with. They had to make sure the dirigiles good go high enough and be safe for passengers to board and get off safely. The builders had to deal with alot.""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of @ORGANIZATION1 roof."" Because of the buildings hight they were uable to make things work. The dirigible was too much and it added stress to the buildings frame, to unload things it was to difficult the floor it needed to be on was too low.""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the Final the final instalation of the landing gear."" The project was so difficult that they had to quit the task and expand at another time. The workers were devistated."	2
During 1929 when Al Smith announced that he was going to make a docking port for blimps at the top of the Empire State Building there were many obstacles in the way of the architects building design. Building a dock for blimps at the top of the worlds tallest building is no easy task. They should have realized previous to the project that this was a lost cause, but they tried it anyways.The architects on the project had to devise a plan that would strengthen the main support beams of the building while still being able to control the movements of the back of the dirigibles due to uncontrolable wind conditions. Unfortunatly they never found a way to successfully complete this task and because of that the Empire State Building could never dock blimps. 	1
In the 1930's this would have been a difficult obstacle to face. the idea altogether was doubted by many People. the first @CAPS1 was comparing in height with the chrysler building. and the mooring mast wold have worked in theory but in reality had to many Problems. It was a potentially dangerous attempt.	0
"From the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", There were multiple obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced. In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles the builders faced was the agianst airships flying too low over urban areas. The law would make it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or ever approach the area. Another obstacle the builders faced was forceful winds. ""The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached The mooring mast but could not get close enough To tie up because of forceful winds."" The greatest obstacle was the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. The last obstacle was the dirigible wasn't safe to have dangling high about pedestrians."	3
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles. As stated in paragraph 1 of the excerpt, the Empire State building was planned to be the tallest building in the world in the @DATE2's. The architect of the Chrysler building constructed the building to be 46 ft taller then the Empire State building. Governor of New York, Al Smith did not want loose the tittle of the tallest building. In paragraph 6 it tells you Smith's idea: A mooring mast was added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service. And to let passengers on & off.Safety issues did not allow the mooring mast of the Empire State building to fulfill its person, said in paragraph @NUM1. Most dirigibles from outside the @PERSON2 used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flamable. Because of pointy buildings this was extremely dangerous. As stated in paragraph @NUM2; the greatest obstacle was nature. On top of the Empire State building, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Also, the law to fly too low. By the late 1930's the mooring mast plan disappeared."	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there ware extrem to over come.one obstacles for the builders was trying to make it so the building its self could handle the stress of the dirigibles tied to the to the building with wind pulling at it and swaying back and forth as wind direction changes.Also it is to low for a dirigibles to be flying because of the other buildings. The most important is the gases inside the dirigible is flamible and would be devistation to the people below in New York City.	3
"In the @DATE1's Al Smith hoped to build the world's largest dirigible dock in New York. However, during construction, the Empire State Building's mooring system ran into many problems One obstacle was the harsh winds high above New York. In paragraph @NUM1, the author says, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" These wins caused the dirigibles tail end to move around while docked, causing unsafe landings and take-offsAnother obstacle faced was a law that prohibited airships from flying low over urban areas. This was feared because of the Hindenburg crash in 1937. The building officials feared if that crash were to happen in New York then the damage would have been catastrophic. The final obstacle faced by the Empire State Building's mooring system was that many blimps from overseas used hydrogen instead of helium to fly. Hydrogen is extremely flammable and had a crash occurred over New York, the damage would have devastated the city and would have caused a tremendous amount of casualties"	4
The obstacles that the architects of the Empire State Building faced was harsh. They had to figure out how they were going to get the dirigibles to land on the mooring mast. A another problem was that the government was getting unpaticent. What made thing worse was Al smith was being sneaky and unturful. He lied about how high the actulty hieght is. He lied about how he will fix the problems the was with the mooring mast. They were also afraid that a dirigible will blowup on the mooring mast like the @CAPS1. So they just put it aside and made over time the world's highest soda fountain and tea garden for the use by the sightseers.	1
"There were three main obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast. The first obstacle was ""nature itself"", meaning that the air currents at the top of the Empire State building were so powerful that the wind was constantly changing directions. This meant that if a dirigible could somehow fly through the winds and could be tied to the mast it would ""swivel around and around"" and would end up ""dangling over pedestrians"" which ""was neither practical nor safe."" @CAPS1, A dirigible is not leagally allowed to dock at the mooring mast because it would be ""flying too low over urban areas"" Which there is an ""existing law"" against. This is a problem for the builders because no matter how hard they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock, they would not be leagally allowed to dock dirigibles at the Mooring Mast. Lastly, many dirigibles used hydrogen gas as a feul. Hydrogen gas is ""highly flammable"" and a dirigible using hydrogen gas is therefore also highly flammable and could potentially pose a disaster to the ""densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Because of potential fires, city laws, and air currents, the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with obstacles when they tried to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast"	4
work face many problems with building docks for dirigibles to land on docks attched to the Empire State building. In paragraph @NUM1 it states that dirigibles disappeared and did become the transportation of the future. The Empire State building Never got to forfill its purposes for dirigibles.	1
When Al Smith first had his idea to build a mast on which to dock dirigibles, it started out as friendly competition. However, nobody predicted the obstacles that would be encountered while trying to execute the plan. One of these obstacles was simply that it was unsafe. Dirigibles used hydrogen, which is very flammable. If there was an accident the results would be devastating in places populated as New York City. Another obstacle was the wind. The wind currents at the top of the building shifted constantly, making the dirigible swing from side to side, which was dangerous for passengers. One more obstacle was the fact that there was a law that prohibited airships from flying below a certain height in cities. Clearly, many obstacles were encountered, and the mast never ended up serving its intended purpose.	3
Based on the excerpt, obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was that the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the mooring mast, and rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architect designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself.	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles they faced was figuring a practical and safe way to dock the dirigibles. Practicity and safety were an obstacle because the builders of the Empire State building were the first to attempt a docking dirigibles on air, @CAPS1 they had no past trials to refer to. In this project practicity and safety worked together. For example ""..engineers [had] to dope out a practical, workable arrangement..."" @CAPS1 that the airships could be moored to the mast easily and secure. This would assure the passengers safety as well as stability to the building.The second obstacle the builders faced was distributing the stress added to the building as the dirigible docked. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" @CAPS2 all of this stress to the foundation was a challenge because the foundation ""... was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" Another challenge that arose was that, to accommodate this situation ""the steelframe [of the building had] to be modified and strengthened..."" The modification to the buildings framework was worth ""over sixty thousand dollars..."" In conclucion, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and attempting to dock dirigibles in their building."	4
In, The Mooring Mast, by @ORGANIZATION2, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was that the architects could not drop the mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible would add stress to the building's frame. This means the still frame would have to be modified and strengthened. Another setback was that most blimps from outside the United States used hydrogen and hydrogen is highly flammable.Nature itself was the greatest obstacle. The winds on top on the building were always shifting due to the violent air current. If the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around. Lead weights were an option, but using these, where they would be dangling above pedestrians on the street, was not safe. The other practical reason why blimps could not more at the Empire State building was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building.	4
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building had to face. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below"". This is stating that the stress of the dirigibles and its shiftyness will put stress on the buildings foundation and they don't want that stress to topal over the building. Also they say ""The winds on the top of the biulding were consistantly shifting due to the violant air current"". this says that they are worried  that the wind might take the balloon away from the building causing it to injure people these are only a few obsticals the builders had to face."	3
The builders faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One of the biggest and hard obstacle to over come is saftey for everyone. The builders had to worry about the safty of the people coming in and out of the dirigible, the people on the near by streets and to the people in the side of the building. Saftey was one of the main reasons why the dock never was completed.Another huge obstacle that faced the builders was nature. This is true because winds at the top of the tall buildings were always changing and this would make it hard to land the dirigible on it. Like the excerpt states in paragraph @NUM1, Dirigibles were weighted down in the back by lead weights and this would cause a problem with pedestrians walking under in the streets.	2
Dirigibles had a top speed of eighty miles. Some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City. So the one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building. He said a mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on. Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the ship and then tied it to a mast so by swinging the body the passengers could safely get on and off.	0
"In the exerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders faced obstacles in an attempt as to allowing dirigibles to dock. One example of an obstacle that the builders had to face was how to attach the mooring mast on top of the building. In paragraph nine it says, ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" They had to come up with a safe way to attach it. Another example of an obstacle was that they had to strength and modified the building because in paragraph nine it stated that ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" The last example was in paragraph nine when they explained that ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundren feet below."" The Stress might be so much for the building that it could cause the building to collapse. In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2 the builders faced many obstacles as to allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building in New York City."	3
The obstacles the buliders had to go through was preety hard. It was hard because the building was so high up in the air. They needed special gear to do it. Al Smith had to wait for an answer before building the mast because it was dangerous. Over sixty thousand dollars had to be made to the building framwork. The other obsticals were to drop and let passengers on. Also to refull your dirigibles if you had one. And it was just to make the building bigger.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One clear obstacle was the law that had existed at the time making it against the law for airships to fly too low over urban areas. (paragraph @NUM1). Also, another obstacle in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was that most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable. For example on May 6, 1937 the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been it had taken place in downtown New York. (paragraph @NUM2). The greatest obstacle was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. If the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast (paragraph @NUM3). The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced were too much to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast.	4
"In the construction of the Empire State building the @CAPS1 faced plenty of problems before and after the making of the mast. There were laws preventing the docking of the dirigibles, incidents that had occured, and flaws in safety. The first problem they should have turned their attention to was the law against low-flying aircraft over urban areas. It is said that ""this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up or even approach the area."" Another problem faced was the burning of the Hindenburg. The U.S. used helium to keep their dirigibles afloat while other countries were using highly-flammable hydrogen. This posed a big threat and @CAPS1 eiven started to wonder ""how much worse that incident would be if it had taken place above a densely populated area like downtown New York. The final problem was how un-safe it was to have a dirigible swaying in the intense winds near the building. The cargo would send the dirigible out of control in these winds. The mast on the Empire State Building had too many problems for the @CAPS1 to solve. It would never make it from the start."	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced by attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were harsh. The builders, in theory, thought everything would work perfectly. They had to face that they did not do enough to see if there would be any problems with having the dirigibles dock there. As I read I noticed the building never fulfilled it's purpose. This was because most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen, not helium, hydrogen is very flammable. On May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse a fire could have been if it were to happen above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. So in reality this idea was not safe and the builders had to go through building it, having it all done. Then realizing the idea was not pursuable.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building were so determined to make sure everything would work out fine. The building just wasnt ment for dirigibles to dock there.	0
"In this excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles in the attemp to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast. One of the greatest obstacle was one of safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" An accident where the German dirigible caught fire and was destroyed, shocked the builders, but they realized it could have been worse. Nature itself was also a problem. ""Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The back of the ship would ""swivel"" around even if it was tethered. Also there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. All of these examples would cause the builders to face obstacles."	3
"When the builders of the Empire State Building attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there, they came across many issues. One is the stress on the building from the added mast. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all they way down to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" @CAPS1 how the stress factors on the building troubled its construction. Another obstacle to its construction was that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". When building the dock, constructors ran into issues which eventually overcame them and led to its uselessness."	2
The Problems @CAPS1 face with Building dirigibles to dock there was a lack of Suitable land area and the mooring mast could not Be Simply Drop on the empire state Building flat roof and on top of that A dirigible A thousand feet up held By a cable tether would add a lot of stress to the @CAPS2 frame the stress of the dirigible load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way down to the @CAPS2 foundation. And the other Reason was a safety Reason most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen which is highly flammable.	3
"Builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many obstacles of construction, especially in regards to allowing dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. From the beginning, builders were faced with obstacles of very high expectations. Expectations including the desired title of ""world's Tallest Building"". With this desired title came many underlying obstacles like frame and support. Another obstacle also arose: being ""equipped for an age of transportation,"" as said by John Tauranac.With the desire to now be a dock for what was known at the time as the ""transportation of the future"", came even greater obstacles. These obstacles included the responsibility of getting passengers safely off the dirigibles. One of the biggest obstacles was constantly shifting winds and violent air currents. This problem normally solved in open fields using dangling weight belts, was nearly impossible to fix in populated @CAPS1.Y.C. The final obstacle that really led to the operation's demise, was the law against airships flying too low in urban areas."	2
Their were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mass. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe. Those are some obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the weight of the dirigible ""or blimp"", lust wind pressure, caused too much stress on the building's frame. The architects easily overcame this obstacle. They strengthened to iron frame of the building so it could withstand the added stress. Unfortunately, the other obstacles were not overcome, and led to the abandonment of the use of the mast for docking dirigibles. The biggest problem a safety. Many blimps used hydrogen rather than helium to keep it afloat, which is highly flammable. There was too much of a risk of the blimp catching fire and falling onto the city. Nature was also an enormous obstacle. Wind would blow the blimp into surrounding buildings, and since it was floating in the air, weights couldn't keep it down. Finally, there was an existing law stating aircraft could not fly too low around urban areas."	4
"On the excerpt there were a lot of obstacles on the atempt of Building the Empire State Building and making it safe to dock dirigibles. The first obstacle to building the Empire State building was that the engeier Al Smith wanted to make the Empire State building, ""the world's tallest building."" ""When the Empire State building was conceived, it was planed as the world's tallest building, taller even then the new Chrysler building that was being constructed."" (@CAPS1 1) the proble was that the architector of the Chrysler Building put a 185 ft spire inside the building. Al Smith got an idea that would make the Empire State Building taler and beater. His idea would be more than a ""ornament"" ""their top, the said, would selrve a higher calling. The Empire State building would be equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation pioneers."" He believed that he could use the building as a dock for dirigible, so people could get on and off. The proble was that that the frame would not work. ""The mooring mast of the Empire State building was destined to never fulfill its purpose."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) They attempted to land dirigibles @NUM2 times but they weren't able to do it at the end. ""In December 1930, the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough."" (@CAPS1 @NUM3) They could not fix the problem."	1
"There were a lot of obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For instance, they wanted to add more hight to the Empire State Building so it can be, ""equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation dream"" @PERSON1 said. Next, Al Smith wanted to add a mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building so it can allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on. ""Over sixty thousand dollar's worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" Then they, ""designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself."" Also, ""the rocket-shaped mast would have four wings at it's corners, of shiny aluminum, and would rise to a conical roof that would house the mooring arms"". The roof had to be completed before the mask can take place. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself. In conclusion, those were the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
"There were many obstacles faced by the builders in the creation of the mast. One obstacle was the building's flat roof. A dirigible that was moored to the building by a single cable, would cause stress for the building's frame to be stressed. Due to this the builders had to modify and strengthen the frame to solve this obstacle. Another problem was that other countries still used hydrogen and an explosion over New York would be devastating.One of the greatest obstacles was ""nature itself."" Winds at the top were constantly changing. The back of the ship would move around  the mooring mast. They had to solve this in a safe manner. In fields the back of a dirigible would be weighed down by lead, but this could not be done. It would be unsafe to allow the lead to dangle over civilians' heads. On top of all these obstacles, there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. In the end the mooring mast was a failure because not all these obstacles could be solved and fixed."	3
When constructing the mooring mast on top of the empire state building it seemed as if the engineers looked past all of its flaws. Safety was probaly one of the biggest issue for the mooring mast. It was said most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen of helium. Thus causing a higher risk to explode. After the events of the Hindenburg in Lakehurst, New Jersey, they were very afraid what would happen if it occured above downtown Nature was belived to be its biggest obstacle. Winds at the top of the air awalys shifted violently due to air currents. The back of the ships would swivel around and around the mooring mast @CAPS1 were another major reason. Dirigibles were not allowed to fly a certain height over Urban areas. Making it illegal to even approach the area where the building was. Al Smith really should have done some more studying about what could have gone wrong with his mooring mast.	3
The builders of the Empire state Building faced numerous technical and safety problems in creating the building's dirigible mooring mast. First off, a dirigible moored to the mast by just one cable would put enormous stress to the frame of the building The building's frame had to be strengthened first to allow such a project. When the mast was finished, several other problems prevented its use. The mast was designed to make the building a center of travel, but most dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen to fly, instead of helium. Earlier, the German blimp Hindenburg had been destroyed because hydrogen was so flammable. It was realized that such a disaster would be much more catastrophic should it happen over a densely populated city like New York. Also, blimps moored to the mast would be blown around by violent winds, possibly pushing them into nearby buildings. The lead weights normally used to prevent this would have had to be left dangling over pedestrians, a major safety issue- @CAPS1, there was a law prohibiting dirigibles from flying too low over urban settlements, making use of the mast illegal. These problems doomed the mooring mast project from the start.	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many problems when attempting to make a mooring mast for Dirigibles. The frist major problem they came across was the biulding its self. It said ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the biuldings foundation."" The biulding being the tallest in the world could not take the pressure. They could possible made it strong but at high cost to something so @CAPS1 already. The architects next obstienle was saftey expessally in a highly populated area such as down town New York. They found the Dirigibles to be to dangerous and uncontroble in a city of towers. The normal processes of docking a Dirigible would have to complete change to acumulate. the mooring mast, soon laws were given to have airships stay away from areas of popurtion after the Hindenburg insodent. Yet some still dared to try and dock at the mast such as the Los Angeles and Columbia but the mast was never put to good use and shows the Problems with inovating things already @CAPS1 as the Empire State building."	3
"In the excerpt the obstacles the @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the ""lack of a suitable landing area"". (p. @NUM1) @CAPS1 were trying to attempt a suitable landing area to allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and let passengers off and on. @CAPS1 try to attempt an electric winch. This ""would swing in the breeze and yet passengers could safely get on and off the dirigible by walking gangplank to an open observation platform."" The biggest obstacle, @CAPS1 of the Empire State building was to ""nature itself"" which meant that dirigibles moored in open landing fields, where they would be high above pedestrians on the street where it was neither practical nor safe. @CAPS1 of the Empire State attempted these causes to allow dirigibles to enter on the property of the Empire State Building!"	3
"Without a doubt, the builders of the mooring mast that was to rest at the top of the Empire State Building were highly innovative and ambitious. However, it is also clear that they faced many difficulties that they both overcame and were overcome by. One major difficulty that they faced was that a one thousand foot long dirigible being tethered to a 1,250 foot tall building with extreme wind currents around the top would put a great deal of stress onto the building, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation... Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework."" @CAPS1, the builders were over to overcome this problem. After the building however, the mooring mast was not able to be used for it's full purpose because of more challenges that it faced. After the tragic accident with the Hindenburg, ""the owners realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a density populated area such as downtown New York."" Another concern was that with such strong winds and only being able to tie the front of the dirigible to the moor, the back would swing around. ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical or safe."" The final challenge facing the mooring mast was the prexisting law against low-flying aircraft. This put an end to Al Smith's dreams."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main concern was the dirigibles themselves because they use hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable. If a dirigible were to explode above a densely populated area it would be desasterous. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the building's mooring mast was nature. A mooring mast is used for docking airships such as a dirigible or a zeppelin. With these large air crafts, docking them on top of a building where winds are violently shifting is very dangerous. the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast, posing as a @CAPS1 threat. Dirigibles moored in open land feilds where they could be weighed down with lead weights. With a dirigible moored over the Empire State Building, it would dangle high above pedestrians, this is neither @CAPS2 nor practicle. Constructing the Empire State Building had @CAPS3 more challenges and obsticles than its architects would have hoped for.	3
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. These obstacles include the weather, safety, previous dirigible tragety, and the law.The wind at the top of the Empire State building was a huge safty hazard because even if the dirigible was secured the back would swing a cause a potential hazzard due to the unpredictable winds. To fly a dirigible they are filled with hydrogen instead of helium, this is also dangerous because hydrogen is very flammable. On May, 6, 1937 the hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, @LOCATION3, so the owners took into consideration this could have been much worse if the accident had taken place above a densely populated area such as New York. Dirigibles are very unsafe so this created many obsticles for the builders of the Empire State Building to allow dirigible to dock there."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced several problems in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. Safety was an issue for the builders. The dirigibles made outside of the United States were used with hydrogen. This became a safety issue because ""hydrogen is highly flammable"". On top of the building, the wind is always shifting because of ""violent air currents"". The shifting winds would be a problem because they would cause the end of the ship to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Another problem the builders faced was the ""law against airships flying too low of urban areas""; making it illegal to dock the dirigibles. The builders also feared that the high winds could ""blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area"", causing danger to the city. There are many obstacles the builders faced that made it impossible for the dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building."	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were that the most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and the hydrogen is highly flammable. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area, for example downtown New York. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship with swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe.	4
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast the builders of the empire state building had to go through many obstacles to get there job done. I paragraph @NUM1 it states that al smith announces that the empire state building will reach a height of @NUM2 feet, this would be a big obstacle for the builders because they have to risk their lives being that high up just to construct this building. Another obstacle for the workers would be working next to the dirigibles because in the exerpt it state that the dirigible a extreamely flammable so if it touches fire the workers could get seriously hurt.	1
"Based on the excerpt some obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there included the laws @CAPS1 plane height, the fact that some dirigibles used hydrogen fuel instead of helium, and lastly at such great heights the strong wind currents were a problem as well. The restriction of plane height was that plaes could not fly to low above cities without being a safety hazard. ""An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". (The MOORING MAST). Another obstacle related to the fact that some outside the U.S dirigibles used hydrogen fuel in place of helium which could cause a problem because hydrogen is highly flammable. ""From outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium"". (The Mooring Mast). Lastly, strong winds were an obstacle as well, the high wind currents would blow the dirigibles all around as the attempted to dock at the Empire State Building which would pose as a problem. ""Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". (The Mooring Mast). In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
There were a few obstacals to making this idea work. one of the obstacals was to make the mast and the frame of the building strong enough to support a dirigible swaying in the wind. There was over @MONEY1 spent on modification to the building. Also, they had to Add a few floors to the building for a total of 102 floors.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacle attempts to allow dirigible to dock there. First the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it's purpose because the builders didn't notice all the problems it had. One attempt was the Goodyear blimp Columbia, attempted a publicity stunt where it would tie up and deliver a bundle of newspapers to the Empire State Building, as stated in paragraph @NUM1. In paragraph @NUM2 it states that the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself. The builders had a lot of work to do to actually try and fix the problems but there was just to many. In conclusion the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacle attempts to allow dirigible to dock there.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first issue faced was that ""most of dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This was an issue because if the dirigible would catch fire or explode over it highly populated city like New York, many people would be put at risk of being injured or killed. The second issue the builders had to face was that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" These winds would cause the airship to swivel, even when tethered to the mooring mast, making it impossible to board. This would also be dangerous for anyone aboard the airship. The third issue was that there ""... was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" With New York City certainly being an urban area this law made it impossible for airships to even approach the Empire State Building to moor. Overall, there were many obstacles faced by builders in trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. Due to these reasons, the Empire State Building was never an effective place for dirigibles to dock."	4
"One of the obstacles builder's faced was nature itself. The @CAPS1 States ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Another obstacle the buillders faced was that ""there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The @CAPS1 states ""This law will make it illegal for a ship to ever be tied up to the building."""	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" The builders could not simply ""drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" The builders now had to find a way to add this mooring mast for dirigibles without putting too much pressure on the building. In addition, ""The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" They now had to add ""over sixty thousand dollars"" worth of modifications to the building. In conclusion, ""Architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside, with a step-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself."" @CAPS1 the architects went through much work not only to make the mooring mast for dirigibles successful, but beautiful. The excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", @ORGANIZATION2 shows the many obstacles architects faced while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it. One problem was designing the building to be able to withstand the stress from a thousand-foot dirigible swinging around it in the wind. The builders needed to find a way to distribute the wind pressure all the way to the foundation. Another problem was the strong winds surrounding the building; when the navy tried to dock a dirigible on it, it kept being tossed about by the strong winds, this problem was never solved. A third problem was finding a way to actually dock the dirigible, this was quickly solved with a winch. A final problem was the fact that the dirigibles were so dangerous, and couldnt safly dock, as well as a law that prevented dirigibles from flying close to buildings, which was created for that reason.	3
"In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, two architects play ""battleship"" with each of their dirigibles, competing for most height. However, when building these ""enormously steel-framed balloons"", the architects didn't realize the obstacles that they would have to face during this process. The biggest reason was for safety precautions. Since most dirigibles were made of hydrogen, they were highly flammable. This, they said, could have been worse than the German Hindenburg, which was demolished by fire in New Jersey in 1937. However, the best obstacle to use of the mast was nature. The winds caused the mast's to be clanging above human beings, which was not practical or safe."	2
The Empire State Building was designed to be the tallest building in the World. Al Smith's plans were to make it taller than the new Chrysler Building, but when a @NUM1-foot tall spire was added to the top, the Empire State Building was going to come in second. To overcome this first obstace in building the tower, Smith decided to change the idea for the tower and add his own spire: a mooring mast for dirigibles. Using the tower as an anchor for dirigible balloons, or zeppelins, Smith added another 250 feet to the tower. But to continue with the plan, Smith had to face the obstacle of supporting a floating blimp more than @NUM2 feet above the ground. Smith had the entire building frame modified and strengthened before the building was finished. Smith's final obstacle was one he couldn't control: the weather. The winds at the top of the building were too harsh, so the dirigible idea was scrapped, but Al Smith's tower had made it to the world's tallest building.	2
"There were multiple obstacles that made the idea of docking dirigibles foolhardy from the start. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire..."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) the idea of such a volatile object over the population became far more of a threat than a luxury. Lead weights needed to support the craft could not be supplied, and would also prove to be hazardous. Given the Empire State Building's nature, the modifications became hasselsome and added unnecessary difficulty. The winds at that altitude would also provide docking issues and instability. Finally, the airplane overtook the blimp, because it could travel faster and hold the same, if not more, number of people in a small area. Blimps became dangerous and cumbersome, and would not benefit New York as Al Smith had hoped."	2
"The obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the strength of the buildings frame, Nature, and certain laws against it. A big problem with building a landing for the dirigibles on the empire state building was the strength of the base. ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame.""(paragraph @NUM1). Another obstacle that the builders of the landing needed to get past was the element of nature. The winds at the top of the Empire state building were always changing due to violent air currents. A dirigible tethered to a mooring mast had the potential of wrapping around the mooring mast in the unpredictable winds. The workers could not trust the dirigibles to not fall off the mooring mast and risk the dirigible going right down where thousands of pedestrians were walking. The last obstacle that the workers had to get past was an existing law that prevented airships from flying to low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building..."" (paragraph @NUM2). All of these obstacles proved to be too much for the workers to handle as the mooring mast on top of the empire State building was never created."	4
"The Empire state building is one of the greatest symbols of the United States. With the world trade center destroyed, it stands as the city's highest building. Many are familiar with its famous spire at its summit, but few actually know why it's there. The truth is that it was meant to be a mooring dock for dirigibles, or zeppelins, balloons lined with steel that were equipped with propellers for steering.          The sad truth is that it never happened. According to the article ""The Mooring Mast"", the environmental conditions as well as safety condition, were too poor to accommodate. Apprently, the wind currents at such a high altitude are fears, and if a blimp were to be tethered to the top, quite a great deal of strain would be placed on the building frame. This is time-consuming and costly to fix. Also, there would be no practical way to weigh down the baloon without the risk of the falling on civilians. Not only that, but having air ships that low over urban areas was illegal. In short, the whole idea was wishful thinking, because it couldn't have happened."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. For instance, in paragraph @NUM1 it talks about the Hindenburg bursting into flames over New Jersey + how much dangerous it would of been over a highly- populated areas such as New York.	2
During any type of construction, the builders face some type of obstacles, as do the builders of the Empire State Building. One obstacle the builders faced in attempting to let dirigibles dock on the Empire State building is the high flammability they have. A German dirigible was destroyed by fire in New Jersey and if this would have happened in New York, with a more densely populated area, the accident would have been much worse. Another obstacle they faced, their greatest obstacle, was the power of nature. Air currents were violent, so the winds were constantly shifting and this would cause the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast, even if it was tethered to it. One last obstacle they faced was an existing law that prevented airships to fly too low over urban areas, like New York. Seeing the obstacles they faced, the builders realized that being able to moor a dirigible to the mast on top of the Empire State Building just was not meant to be.	3
The obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are, The govenment people in Washington was think about some safe way of mooring airships of the mast. He never wanted to reach the top cause he don't want an accident to happen and than something happen. The wind on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The weights of the build, it would be dangling high above pedestrian on the street, it was neither practical nor safe. It was also a law.	2
There are many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. one issue was the stress the dirigible would add to the building. over sixty thousand dollars modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. Also, most dirigibles contained hydrogen which is highly flammable and dangerouss. Another dangerous aspect is that this huge piece of material would be dangling high above pedestrians, as opposed to there much safer usual landing of open fields. Lastly, there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas, which would also cause docking issues.	3
"Allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building would have been completely different from anything before, but never continued because of obstacles. The builders faced issues such as safety issues, harnessing nature, and the law itself. The dirigibles presented safety issues including fire, which occurred and builders ""realized how much worse that accident could have been"" (¶ @NUM1) Another safety issue was keeping the blimps stabilized, which would have needed free hanging weights over the city. Yet another obstacle was the power of nature; it would have been nearly impossible to keep the dirigible in place. Because of the wind ""the back of the ship would swivel around... the mooring mast"" (¶ @NUM2). The new idea was a good one but the law also was against it, because of how low the blimp would be. As stated, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building..."" (¶ @NUM3). The masting moor of the Empire State Building caused too many obstacles for the project to be completed. Although it would have opened new doors for means of travel there were too many safety violation for it to be worth while."	4
"Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building. He wanted to add a mooring mast to the top of the building so that dirigibles could anchor there for refueling or service and let people on and off. In order to do this, the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be ""modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" They would have to spend over sixty thousand dollars in modifications of the framework. Builders had to make it 102 floors and also create a glassed-in observation area along with an open observation platform, furthermore, they had to complete the roof and then move on to building the steel mast with glass windows. After all that time and money spent in re-creating the building, the dirigibles couldn't dock there. The wind was so strong that the back of the ship would always be moving. Also, there is a law that airships cant fly too low over urban areas. It wasn't worth it in the end."	3
"to allow Dirigibles to @CAPS1 on the empire state @CAPS2 builders would have to face tough obstacles. One obstacle would be that technology was growing in the 1930's by the time they were @CAPS3 with the @ORGANIZATION1 and planes were invented. ""the as yet unsolved problem of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it Desirable to Postpone to a later date the finel installation of the landing gear."" this @CAPS4 proves that they already made technology to land Dirigibles Safely but, @CAPS5 to see if the mast really worked. This @CAPS6 that technology was invented @CAPS7 than the builders could even make the mast at the top of the empire State building. Later on the figured that a dirigible would be unsafe At the top of a mast becuse the wind would blow it arond and crash into the Building. It was @CAPS8 to begin with."	1
"Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were safety, existing laws, and the changes in air currents. Many of the dirigibles ""from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@NUM1). The owners of the Empire State Building realized that a much worse situation would happen it were to catch on fire ""above a densely populated area"" (@NUM1). Another practical reason why dirigibles cald not moor at the top of the building was that there was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (@NUM3). The airship would be ""dangling  high above pedestrians on the streets"", which is pretty unsafe (@NUM4). The last obstacle that the builders faced was the shift in air currents on top of the building. If the dirigibles were tied to the mooring mast, ""the back of the ship would swivel around and around""(@NUM4). This could be dangerous for pedestrians on the street, as well as passengers coming on and of the dirigildes. These practical reasons called for the idea of the mooring mast to be diminish."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and allowing dirigibles to dock there like safety, nature, and existing law.  In the excerpt the author tells how many dirigibles use hydrogen which is very flammable.  That makes it very dangerous to dock them on the Empire State Building because they could get in an accident, and since New York is so densely populated it would probably harm many people.  People's lives shouldn't be risked just to land a dirigible.  Another problem builders face was nature.  In paragraph @NUM1 the excerpt states ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents.""  This would mean the dirigible would just be dangling way above New York and winds could get dangerous very fast because it was so unpredictable.  According to the excerpt this was neither practical nor safe.  To add to all of these obstacles builders didn't consider an already existing law that is against airships flying too low over urban areas.  So that meant it would be illegal to dock a dirigible on the Empire State Building.  Builders faced so many obstacles about allowing derigibles to dock on the Empire State Building it just wasn't meant to be."	4
"Despite all hope and anticipation surrounding the construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, the project was never destined to be a success. In ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many obstacles described that the builders faced as they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast. The first major obstacle that the builders came upon was that when a dirigible was mounted onto the mooring ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"". This obstacle caused the need for an abundance of extra support on the frame needed to maintain sturdiness of the building. The other, and arguably greatest obstacle that the builders faced were the rapid wind currents that surrounded the building. The winds caused problems for the dirigible because ""even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". This caused a major design flaw for the builders in the way that they would have to maintain control and safety of the dirigible as it was docked by the mooring. As much as the plan dwarfed others of its time, it was short-lived. The plan had far too many obstacles to overcome and serves better today as a memorable characteristic of the Empire State building."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first, it says the building's foundation will be more stress with a thousand-foot dirigible docking. For example ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" The second, it says that it's really dangerous if they take place above the building. For example, ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. ""@CAPS1, it says the winds on the top of the building are so strong. For example ""The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" In conclusion, they still face to many obstacles, so the idea which let the dirigibles dock on the top of the building is hardly become true. "	3
"Based on the excerpt It shows in some way's there were obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles or Blimps to dock there. One of those examles were found in paragraph @NUM1. It said ""The mooring mast of the empire State building was designed to never fulfill its purpose."" Another One was Also in paragraph @NUM1 when they said ""The greatest reason was one of safty: Most dirigibles from outside of the united States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the german dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire in lakehurst, New, Jersey, the owners of the empire state building relized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken above a densely populated Area such as downtown New York. Also in paragraph @NUM3 it says that nature was a big obsticle for the success of the mooring mast. The winds on the tops of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Another reason was because of existing laws was airships flying too low over populated or urban areas."	3
"Builders of the Empire State building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A mooring mast, for docking drigibles, would add stress to the buildings frame and ""could not simply be dropped atop the Empire State Building. The building needed to be ""modified and strengthened"" to accommodate this situation. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen, which is extremely flamable. Owners of the building realized if an accident like the Hindenburg were to take place above a densely populated city or area such as downtown New York, results would have been far worst. Builders greatest obstacle would be nature itself. Winds atop the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the air ship could tether to the mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. In addition, due to an existing law against airships flying too low, dirigibles could not legally moor at the Empire State Building. ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose."""	4
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. These issues included safety, nature and an existing law. Safety was the greatest obstacle. These dirigibles ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1 the buildings in downtown New York stand so close together, one building such as the Empire State Building catching on fire could have devastating effects. The hardest problem to overcome would have been nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" It would have been impossible to keep the back of a dirigible from swiveling around. Also, the dirigibles would be hanging high above cars and people on the streets below. The last reason the dirigibles should not be moored at the Empire State building was because of a law that prohibited ""airships flying flying too low over urban areas."" This made the entire plan illegal, and although it was a good plan, it was not well thought out."	4
"There were several major obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One such problem was that, ""the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have been transmitted all the way to the building's foundation..."". It cost over @MONEY1 to make the modifications nesescary to do this. Also, the, ""roof had to be completed before the framing of the mooring mast could take place."" @CAPS1, they did not solve several other obstacles. Forein dirigibles normally ""used hydrogen rather than helium..."" And this would cause vast damage if they crashed in ""a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" In addition, being so high, the dirigible could not be weighted down in the back and thus would swivll around the mast. There was also a law prohibiting ""airships flying too low over urban areas. In the end there were too many obstacles so the dirigible docking plan was scrapped."	4
"Obstacles the builders of the empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, were not easy to overcome. Most dirigible were massive, @CAPS1 by in this quote dealing with them was no easy task. ""@CAPS2 as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York."" In this quote it tells of their massive size and proves how difficult it would be to control and land them safetly.Another obstacle the workers had to face is modifying the already set structure of the empire state building, also money spent as @CAPS1 by in this quote. ""The Steel frame of the empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over Sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework."" This quote proves that the addition of the mooring mast would be not only tirering for the workers, but also alot of money would be spent on a failed project. They got their tall building, but were unable to achieve mooring mast."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. Because The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Also because the Empire State Building have's an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.	2
Allowing the dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building took some obstacles. First, there was a lack of suitable landing area in New York City. To solve this, Al Smith added a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building. This would allow the dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling, service, and to let passengers off and on.Another obstacle for allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was the stress being added to the building's frame because of a one thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of a building held by a single cable tether. To accommodate the situation, the steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be strengthened and modified. Over Sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. The final and greatest obstacle for successful use of the mooring mast was nature. The winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Lead weights would be used to weight down dirigibles landed in open fields. But losing the lead weights at the Empire State building where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was not very safe at all.	3
"The architects, engineers, and workers or the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to attach a dirigible dock the top of the building. The first troubling encounter for the builders was they ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building."" The engineers and architects needed to make @NUM1 dollars worth of repairs to strengthen the buildings frame work. Mother nature herself was also a problem. The constantly shifting winds would make it hard to stay landed unless they were weighed down. Even weighing down the zeppelins proposed a threat of a weight falling and killing an innocent person. lastly a law prevented dirigibles from flying to low over a city. If a spike from another building hit and popped the ballon, there would be an absolute disaster. Overall there were many obstacles preventing the idea of a dirigible dock to ever become true."	3
The obstacals he had was that the problems where never really solved and that had caused problems with the wind.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous problems dealing with the mooring mast. First of all, I would say safety was the number one issue. If the dirigible were to catch on fire, it could land on the main streets of New York City, posing a hazard to hundreds of pedestrians. Also, the weather was another factor. If it were too windy to fly all the time, then the mast would be a waste. When I read that they had to spend <@NUM1</@CAPS1> to modify the building's framework,""  I started thinking of all the other things a town could do with @MONEY1. There was also an existing law that made it illegal for any airships to be even remotely close to the Empire State Building. Overall, the idea of the mooring mast was just a very poorly planned the idea."	3
"The designers of the Empire State Building faced many challenges in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on it's peak. ""The greatest reason was safety"" (para @NUM1). The dirigibles were dangerous. Strong winds could blow them in different directions, possibly hitting the building. And if there was a crash, the debris would rain upon New York City. Since there was wind, they would have to use lead weights to hold a dirigible in place. However above the city this would be ""neither practical nor safe"" (para @NUM2). Finally, there was a law prohibiting airships from flying low over urban areas. This would cause the docking to be illegal. For these reasons, the builders of the Empire State building faced challenges allowing blimps, or dirigibles, to dock on the building."	3
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock were very difficult. difficult. One difficulty that they had was that the mooring mast nature it self. When the dirigibles would come to the building, the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current, and the only way that they could moor is if the weighted down the back, and using them at the Empire State Building won't be practical or safe, with pedestrians below you.Another obstacle that the builders had was an existing law. the law was against airships flying to low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building, or even approach the area. this was an obstacle because they didn't have much to do about this since it's a government thing holding them back.These are just some obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock.	3
In the excerpt Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. One obstacle was, many modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted to buildings foundation. Another reason builders face many obstacles is, most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium. This would be very dangerous if a fire occured especilly in a highly populated area. Another reason is due to violent air currents the back of a dirigible would swivel around the mooring mast. As it says on page @NUM1, paragraph @NUM2 the dirigible would dangel above pedestrians on the street which isnt practical or safe. Lastly, an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas and it is illegal for dirigibles to tie up to the building or even approach the building. In conclusion builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their.	4
"Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to dock dirigibles at their building were that foreign dirigibles used highly flammable hydrogen over helium, the winds at the top of the building violently changed, and it was illegal to fly too low over urban areas.First of all, foreign blimps using hydrogen are very dangerous due to the high risk that they will burst into flames. This only occurred to the builders when a German blimp Hindenburg caught on fire on May 6, 1937. After this tragedy, they ""realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" If the incident happened over New York City, many more lives would have been lost. More people would die, which would cause a bigger fiasco.Also, the winds above the building change constantly, which would make the blimp unstable. The article explains this effect by stating, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The changing winds would be torture on the back of the ship. The front would be secured due to its tethering, but the back would be left free to sway and swing in the wind. Pedestrians below would be at a high risk of danger, making this idea impractical.Finally, the law made it illegal to even approach the building, nevermind dock on it. The article tells this by saying, ""... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas... Would make it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" The builders simply could not use the dock unless the law changed. The law was made to protect pedestrians and innocent bystanders, and flying the craft to the Empire State Building would violate said law.In conclusion, the three obstacles stopping the use of the Empire State Building were the hydrogen gas used in foreign blimps, the unpredictable winds making the craft swivel, and the law prohibiting aircrafts from flying too low over urban areas."	4
The building wasn't designed to carry the extra weight of having a dirigible attach to the top. And the dirigibles had to have weights drop from the back to keep it in place, that wouldnt be very safe have lead weights dangle over @NUM1 feet in the air. The mast was built out of Glass which could have been dangerous if a dirigible couldnt stop and went straight into the tower. Also the electronic winching stations didn't seem like they would work to well.	2
"The dream of the aviation pioneers of docking their dirigibles on the Empire State Building, created obstacles for the builders to face. The mooring mast of the building ""was destined to never fulfill its purpose,"" the author implying that the building should not have been built, because of all these obscured obstacles. One obstacle they faced was the violent winds on top of the building, due to air currents. It was difficult for the dirigibles to dock. The ""four-blocks"" length blimp, filled with helium and hydrogen, would be dangling high above, which was not safe for the millions of people on the streets. In December 1930, the dirigible Los Angeles could not get close enough to the mooring mast because of forceful winds. Another obstacle the builders faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The Columbia blimp tried to deliver bundles of newspapers to the building, ending up with papers dangling on the rope from the blimp, because the dirigible mooring equipment was never installed. Therefore it was ""desirable to postpone to a later date that the final installation of the landing gear"" that gave airplanes the title of ""transportation of the future."""	3
"Based on the excerpt, there were many obsticles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obsticle is that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This could be a big threat to The nearby pedestrians. Furthermore, an additional obsticle is ""nature itself"". The winds are constantly changing which is dangerous for the dirigibles. One last example of an obsticle is ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This would be dangerous if the dirigible lost control and harmed a pedestrian. These are @CAPS1 some examples In the article of how there were many obsticles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
Al Smith and his workers, went through quite a bit while working on this building. As an example, while building it they had to transmitt the stress of the dirigibles load all the way to the buildings foundation, which was around eleven hundred feet below. After that they would have to modify and strengthen the frame of the building to accommodate the new situation. The greatest obstacle throughout the whole process though was the nature itself. Due to violent air currents the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting. Safety was a major obstacle Smith had to face while building this building. Smith thought a dirigible would be okay to use on the building but little did he know how dangerous using one could be. Due to the fact most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium, using hydrogen, meant HIGHLY flammable.	3
"The builders of the empire state Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there according to the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. First obstacle they had to make the mooring mast safe for passengers to board on and off. The Architects had engineers and such working on it. Another obstacle the Architects had to work with was putting the mooring mast up on the building. So, then they had to add over sixty thousand dollars' added to the framework of the building so that it would be sturdy for the mooring mast. Once the mooring mast was set up and they ""celebrated framing the entire building,"" just another problem occurred ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself,"" the winds were constantly shifting and caused the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast. Finally they fixed all of their problems for this building to be in use then the biggest obstacle occurred, dirigibles became  illegal and air planes became the new transportation. The builders of the Empire State building had just too many obstacles and failed"	3
The builders of the Empire States Building encoutered many obstacles in the attempt to allow blimps to dock on the building. The engineers realized from the start that even if they could get a blimp docked, it would put additional stress on the buildings structure. to fix this, they had to reinforce the entire building. In addition to this, the docking of a blimp was dangerous in itself. It could easily be destroyed like the Hindenburg	2
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were safety issues, nature itself, and the law.     Safety was a big issue when it came to dirigibles docking over a populated areas such as New York City. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and Hydrogen is highly flammable."" After an accident in New Jersey the owners of the Empire State Building realized this accident would have been much worse if it were it New York City.     Nature causes lots of obstacles inlife, like wind which made it very hard to dock a big dirigible. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were teathered to the mooring mast, the back of ship would swivil around."" They would be dangling high above people which would not be safe.     There is a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" Two dirigibles attempted to reach the building before the law was dropped.     Saftey, nature, and the law kept Al @CAPS1 dream from coming true. These obstacles were the ones the builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building."	3
The greatest obstacle to the Successful use or the mooring mast was nature itself. The-winds on top of the building were constantly Shifting due to violent air currents. law against airships flying to low over urban areas.	1
"The main obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building had to face were mainly safety and nature itself. safety was most important, and because they were aiming at having dirigibles land on top of the building, they needed to make sure it was completely safe In the reading it states that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is flameable."" @CAPS1 it is flameable, the builders realized how much danger it could cause especially in a high populated area like New York City. Now besides safety, one of the biggest obstacles was nature. With having the mooring mask at a steep height on top of the Empire State Building came with many difficulties that revolved around the weather and atmosphere The winds on the top of the building were always shifting, which would make it hard to land dirigibles. Because of the unsustainable air currents, nothing could be done about the dirigibles. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Due to the roughness of the wind and the unidealistic design of the dirigible, safety and nature were main obstacles in the creation of the Empire State Building."	3
"In The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, many contractors were exceedingly determined to construct a mast on the Empire State building to sanction the use of dirigibles, or blimps, to be the way of air travel for the future. There were great amounts of obstacles in the way of making this a reality. Allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building was a fantastic idea, but at the same time, proved to be just an impossible theory.The first problem was the weight of the blimp with the combined malicious winds, to eventually shatter the beautiful framework of the building. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" Architects soon fixed that problem when they impulsively spent over sixty thousand dollars on changes to the building to support this flaw, but this was not the only problem. The second major concern was the hydrogen that would be filling these blimps. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Hydrogen can easily create fires, which is a top concern in a densely populated city such as New York City. The most immense obstacle was mother nature. ""The winds on top of buildings were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" With dirigible flying above thousands of civilians, an uncontrolled aircraft due to high winds is not safe. The last impractical reason why this idea was not realistic was because of the law that forbade airships to fly too low in urban areas. All of those obstacles made building a mast on The Empire State building only a dream.Al Smith, the architect of The Empire State building, came up with fascinating ideas. Although they were great, they did not work. Between the environment, winds, hydrogen use, and safety laws, his dream was just a hoax. These obstacles made it impossible to proceed construction. Al Smith had amazing imagination with bad luck."	4
The Empire State Building wanted to allow dirigibles to dock on top. To do this the would need to build a mast on top so that the dirigibles could hook on to and refuel. They ran into a lot of problem right off the bat and kept running into them. The first problem, of many, was that they could not just plop a mast on the top because it would be to unstable and cause to much stress to the structure. To prevent that what they ended up doing was modifying and strengthening the structure as a whole costing over sixty thousand dollars. Once they figured out how to equal out all of the wind pressure, they had to think of how to bring the dirigibles in, the answer was simple electrical winches. The next problem was safty, dirigibles outside of the @LOCATION1 used highly flammable hydrogen and if that blew up it would not be good for the densely populated city below. Another safety issue was nature's violently shifting winds and to solve the problem on the ground they would waive the back down with lead weights to keep it from sweying, but doing that in the air over a lot of people could be unsafe. The final nail in the coffin to this plan was that there is a law for bidding airships to fly too low over urban areas.	4
The builders faced so many obstacles to dirigibles on the Empire State Building. One of the greatest obstacle's was nature itself, like winds on top of the building was shifting due to dangerious air currents. The back of the dirigible would swivel around and around the mooring mast. The dirigibles would be dangling high above pedetrians on the streets, was neither practical nor safe. There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. There were so many obstacles to moor dirigibles on the Empire State Building.	2
The obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building were severe. The greatest and most important obstacle they faced was safety. If a plan is not completely safe, it shouldn't happen. The Empire State Building would not have been stable enough with the winds being so powerful. Also, most dirigibles or blimps used hydrogen not helium which would be extremely dangerous if the blimp caught on fire. Especially in a place as crowded as New York. This was another problem with landing a dirigible on the Empire State Building.                                                                                                                                                                  Another obstacle was the wind. A dirigible could not land unless it was weighted down with lead weights which also was not a bit safe for people walking freely in New York City. These problems are the reasons why the dirigibles could not land on the Empire State Building	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First of all, a lot of stress would be put on the building's frame with a thousand foot dirigible held to it, so the builders would have to make many modifications to the building's framework. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" @CAPS1, safety was a paramount reason as to why dirigibles weren't allowed to dock there because of the highly flammable gas, Hydrogen that is used in most dirigibles. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" @CAPS2, nature was the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast. Violent air currents caused shifting winds, making the dirigible swivel around the mooring mast, which wasn't safe for the pedestrians on the streets below. In conclusion, these obstacles made it impossible for the mooring mast of the Empire State Building to fulfill its purpose."	4
"The architects of the Empire State Building faced many safety & practical obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock on top of it. For example, dirigibles outside of the @LOCATION2 were filled with hydrogen, rather than helium, gas. Hydrogen gas is highly flammable. Therefore, the German dirigible the ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by a fire in 1937. The architects of the Empire State Building foresaw that this could have been a much more tragic event if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Furthermore, anchoring a @NUM1 foot dirigible to the top of a building with a single tether would add stress to the building's frame. In order to solve this problem, the architects would have to make @MONEY1 in modifications to the building's steel frame. Additionally, there are violent & unpredictable winds above the Empire State Building. If a dirigible were tethered to the mast, it would swivel around the top of the building with the wind currents. When moored in open fields, dirigibles can be anchored with weights. However, dangling weighted anchors above the heads of pedestrians could be potentially dangerous. In 1930, the @ORGANIZATION2 dirigible ""Los Angeles"" tried to moor the Empire State Building, but couldn't get close enough to the spire to tie itself up because of sharp winds. The pilot had to maneuver around other spires as well, for fear of puncturing the dirigible. Clearly, there were practical & safety reasons why the dirigible moor was unable to be completed at the top of the Empire State Building."	4
The obstacles which the builders of the empire state building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there were numerous for this project. The first problem was that, other dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen. Hydrogen is a much more flammable substance than helium, which is what dirigibles in the United States used. The owners didn't want anything to occur similar to the German dirigible the Hindenburg, which would be worse in downtown New York instead of Lakehurst, New Jersey. Another practical reason why dirigibles faced problems docking at the Empire State building was that an existing law prevented dirigibles from flying too low over urban areas. For example a @ORGANIZATION1 dirigible named the Los Angeles, could not get close enough to tie up due to forceful winds. These problems go to show that owners of the Empire State building faced numerous obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many natural oposition in attempting to allow derigibles to dock in the building. Nature forces were a total threat to the idea of the dirigibles landing on the Empire State building: ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" which wouldn't be safe for the people getting in and off the dirigible because the ship would swivel around and around the morning mast. Other oposition to the idea was that most dirigibles that came from outside the U.S didn't use helium, but hydrogen which is highly flamable and risked the life of the people who lived around the Empire State building. Also the law was against this idea. There was a law that prohibet airships to fly too low over the urban areas. This law made the docking of the ships in the Empire State building illegal. The builders of the Empire State building confronted both natural and social oposition to the landing of the ships in the Empire State building."	4
"According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obsticles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on its mooring mast. A large dirigible moored at the top of the building would add tremendous stress to the building, and ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications"" had to be made to accommodate the stress. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, winds would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mast. According to the article, dirigibles could be weighted down to prevent this, but it is to unsafe for pedestrians. There was also the issue with docking dirigibles that use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. In May 6, 1937, a hydrogen dirigible was destroyed by fire and according to the excerpt, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident was at downtown New York, it would have made the densely populated area to unsafe. The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for there were too many obsticles for such an accomplishment to be made."	4
The workers that were building the extravagant Empire State Building they went through several obstacle courses. One of the obstacle courses having the blimp sit on top of building. Since the blimp was only held by one cable cord it was appling stress to the build because the blimp was pretty heavy. Another obstacle was nature. Since the Empire State Building was so high up the wind was excrushiating. The last obstacle they had to over come was the gas they used inside the blimps. If they used hydrogen which is a highly flammable substance, like the German blimbs it could of been bad.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was ""the fact that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) That would make it hard for the dirigibles to be tethered to the mast. Annother problem they faced was the ""existing laws against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) Also the equipment used to to dock the airships haden't even been installed."	2
"The Empire State Building faced various obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most importantly was the danger involved in this ambitious plan. Blimps from outside the @LOCATION3 commonly used hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, instead of helium. After a German dirigible destroyed in a fire, owners of the Empire State Building saw the true danagers of an accident like this in downtown New York. Successful use of the mooring mast was another obstacle. The winds at such a high altitude made it difficult to dock. Once docked the dirigibles would have to dangle above pedestrians, which was ""neither pratical or safe"". The existing law against airships flying to low in urban areas create further probles. After the Los Angeles failed to reach the mooring mast because of the high winds the owners started to see the unsolved problems. By the late 1930's the idea had ""quietly disappeared""."	4
The people who built the Empire State Building had many problems building it. The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York was the of a suitable landing area. The Empire State Building was going to have a mooring mast at it's top for docking these new airships, which would accommodate passengers on already existing transatlantic routes and new routes that were yet to come.	2
In order to build the Empire State building, some Of the workers endured problems while constructing it. The engeineeres and architects consulted first with the experts. The obstacles the builders had to face were, one the height. It was a thousand feet and it was putting stress on the buildings frame. Wind pressure also added stress to the one thousand foot building. Another big obstacle was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting to the violent air currents. Even when the mooring mast was tethered or tied up the back part of the ship would sway from the wind. In the end the author says or implies that it was never meant to be built because of all the problems that came with it.	2
"The builders of the Empire State building faced a few main obstacles in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there atop the building. These three main obstacles where the designing of the mast and the building modifications, safety, and existing laws about aircrafts. The designing of the mast was an obstacle because a dirigible moored to the mast would add stress to the building's frame. The load and pressure had to be transmitted to the base of the building and they faced ""over sixty thousand dollar's worth of modifications"" to do so. One of the other problems was, most importantly, safety. The article states that most countries used hydrogen in their balloons to stay afloat, unlike the United States who used helium. This was dangerous for hydrogen is flammable, and the building owners did not want a repeat of the Hindenburg accident when a German dirigible was destroyed by fire. Also, a dirigible had to be weighted down or it'd spin around the mast and the commonly used lead weights were a hazard for pedestrians below. The last main obstacle of the Empire State building's builders was the existing law banning airships from flying low above urban areas. It would be illegal for a dirigible to approach the area let alone tether to the building. These are three of the main obstacles which the builders faced in building the Empire State building and its mast. Design, safety, and legal issues all were obstacles which got the better of the builders."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building had to deal with multiple problems involving safety. Because Al Smith wanted to build a building larger than the Chrysler Building he decided to put a mooring mast for dirigibles on top of his. The building's frame had to be modified before the construction of the mooring mast could begin because just putting on top would stress the frame and bring it down. Another issue was the landing of the dirigibles themselves. They could be weighed down when on flat land but not on top of a building there would be many people below who could be injured if something went wrong. There was even a law against dirigibles flying too low over urban areasThe builders had to work their way around. The biggest obstacle seemed to be safety for the people.	3
In the process of building the empire state building the architects had many obstacles. One main obstacle was making the foundation strong enough. Another was the wind factor. They had many problems in the building of the Empire state building.In order for the dirigibles to dock on the Empire state Building they had to streghten, the whale foundation. If a dirigible docked before the whale building would twist and sway. Another problem was the wind. the wind coming off of other building would spin the dirigibles at high rates of speed.Even though they faced many obstacles they successfully completed the Empire State Building	2
In their attempts to try and build a platform for dirigibles to dock at, the builders of the Empire State Building failed to note a few difficulties. One would be the way passengers got one and off of dirigibles. While anchoring to refuel and allowing passengers to get on and off, the rear of the blimp would constantly swivel which could endanger the passengers and could possibly cause the dirigible to get damaged or destroyed. Another difficulty was the way the mast was built. It had a design similar to that of a rocket, so it was not possible for dirigibles to completely land. If it had a platform-like design, so instead of hovering dirigibles could land, which allowed for more stability.	2
It was unfortunate that such a great idea was never able to succeed. The builders of the Empire State building faced with many difficulties when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the building. First they had to design the Mask which sounds like a long and complicated process. Everything seemed as if it was going to work out. Builders started construction. After two months of construction, the mooring mast was not able to fulfill its purpose for several reasons. hydrogen is highly flammible and to dangerous to use in such a highly populated area. Things such as wind and nature itself would have made this wonderful idea impossible. There were laws that would have never allowed for this to happen anyway. If builders and planners had done better research they would have found this project to have been impossible before going through all the intense construction.	3
"The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 is about the Empire State Building and the expectations that people had for it. In @DATE1 it was announced that the Empire State Building would reach the height of 1,250 feet. The point of the selection is to show that there was another idea that the Empire State building builders were trying to make a reality. The builders came across some obstacles while trying to allow dirigibles to dock there, such as the building not being stable enough to support the dirigibles, having to add frame work, and the possible dangers of making this idea a reality. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would add too much stress to the buildings frame."". Because of this added stress ""the steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened."" Then when a dirigible was destroyed, the owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse it could of been it happened in a place such as downtown @CAPS1"". It is a good thing they did not do the idea."	2
There was three main obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, the densely populated area, the violent air currents, and the existing law against airships. First, most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Since the dock would be above downtown New York, there is a higher risk of the dock blowing up due to the density. Secondly, nature was a great obstacle. There were many winds on top of the building and the wind currents were constantly changing violently, there was a gigantic fear of the dirigible swiveling around and hitting another building. Finally, the dock could never allow a ship to be tied up legally due to the existing law of airships flying too low over urban areas. The dirigible would not be safe, and the entire idea will drop. For these reasons or obstacles, many builders of the Empire state building faced while attempting to allow blimps to dock there.	3
"During the time of the @DATE1's many obstacles came into play to the architects building a dirigible dock for them to land on top of the Empire State building. The builders had to face situations with weather conditions of this dock. The Empire State building was so high ""The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". The weather conditions that were occurring high above of this 1,250 ft building made it difficult for dirigibles to dock themselves making the outcome unsafe. Builders also had to face the reality of ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". with this law taking its action it made it illegal for a dirigible to even attempt a landing on these docks. The main concern of obstacles these builders constructing this landing dock would be the strong winds that would occur. The winds were so powerfull and strong that the blimp would face ""the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell."" This obstacle of weather was a huge struggle to these architects making the dock of these dirigibles unsuccessful. The obstacles that were faced in constructed this dock came to the outcome of dirigibles being ""given away to airplanes""."	4
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were, the one obstacle to thier expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area, also saw a opportunity for his Empire State Building to have a mooring mast added to the top of the building that would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, or to let passengers off and on. Also dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mast. In conclusion, these are the obstacles which the builders of the Empire State Building faced, to allow dirigibles to be docked.	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, there were many challenging obstacles that the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 as they were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Al Smith, the four-term governor of New York was determined to outstrip the Chrysler building by making the Empire State Building much taller. He had goals where the building ""would be equipped For an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation pioneers"". The first obstacle involved their expanded use in New York City, which was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith, however, saw it as an opportunity to have a a mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there For several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on"". Al Smith's ambitions to enhance the building's height encouraged him to overcome this obstacle. Another problem with this however, was actually constructing the mast which led to a new obstacle. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications were done to the Empire State Building because they couldn't have a thousand- foot dirigible moored at the top of the building. If the dirigible was held by a single cable tether, it would add stress to the building's frame. Even though this was an obstacle, the modifications to the building had adjusted this problem, and the builders were able to create the mast. As the progress of the Empire State continued, more difficulties kept arising which made the goas for Al Smith much farther away.Not knowing the fate of the mooring mast on the Empire State Building, the builders realized afterwards that the mast's purpose became obsolete. The issue here was mainly safety which was that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"". They noticed after the mast's construction that it could have been a tragedy to have a dirigible go in flames above the densely populated city. Another important obstacle that interfered in attempting to dock dirigibles above the Empire State was nature itself. It was stated that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". The builders knew that weighing down the back of a dirigible would be unsafe because of the pedestrians below. Even with all these obstacles, the builders of the Empire State Building continued to try to allow dirigibles to dock there, but over time the idea had faded away and they basically gave up on the project. Al Smith's goals were left uncomplete because of the challenging obstacles, but in the end, he did manage to establish the Empire State Building as the tallest in @ORGANIZATION5."	4
from the excerpt The mooring mast there where many obstacles the builders of the Empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first thing was safety. And that states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The greatest obstacle the @CAPS1 use of the mooring mast was nature itself. the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. They would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe.	2
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there included issues in safety, nature problems, and a dilemma with a law. Safety was a major concern as many dirigibles used hydrogen, which was highly flammable. An example of such a dirigible was the German Hindenburg, which went up in flames in Lakehurst, New Jersey. As the article ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, states, ""the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it taken place above a densely populated areas such as downtown New York City."" @CAPS1, nature was a big obstacle the owners faced, as the winds on top of the building constantly shifted. According to Lüsted, this would have caused the back of the dirigibles to ""swivel around the mooring mast,"" which would not have been ""practical nor safe."" @CAPS2, there were legal issues the builders faced. There was a law at the time restricting airships from flying too low over populated areas. As the article notes, ""This law would make it illegal for shipped ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" The builders of the Empire State Building faced issues with safety, nature, and the law."	4
"The builders of the Empire State building had to face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they faced was placing the mooring mast on the building. Lüsted states, ""The architects could not simply place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof"" (Lüsted @NUM1). This meant that they would have to build another structure to be able to place the mooring mast. The second obstacle they faced was preparing the building to dock dirigibles. Lüsted claims, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top... held by a single tether would add stress to the buildings frame (Lüsted @NUM1). The dirigibles would weigh the building down so they would have to find a way to prevent damaging the building. The architect would have ""The steelframe modified and strengthed"" in order for any dirigible to dock there. These are the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock."	3
"The men who were constructing the building did not put enough thought in to the practicality of the new form. One major issue with the dirigibles landing there to fuel up is the fact that they could explode. There had been blimp accident before and it wasn't in a heavily populated area like New York is. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1).The winds at the top of the building would also blow the back end of the blimp around, and it isn't safe to have lead weights hanging over pedestrians, and the Blimp would be to low. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (¶ @NUM2) ""-the back of the ship would swivel around and around-"" (¶ @NUM2) ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" (¶ @NUM2) the architects should've thought their plan through better."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders faced obsticles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock at the Empire State Building. One obsticle the builders faced was that they had to modify the buildings framework in order to install the mooring mast. The builders had to modify the building because ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure wood have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was eleven hundred feet below."" That was another obsticle the builders faced. Also, the mooring mast never fulfilled its purpose because of safety. Hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obsticle was nature. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The idea was neither practicle nor safe."	3
The obstacles the builders faced with the mooring mast was the winds and the gases used in non-@CAPS1 dirigibles. The wind was a problem because that high up the dirigibles' back would swivle around the mooring mast. The gases used was a problem because out of country zeppelins used hydrogen which was highly flammable which would be bad if the zeppelin went up in flames over the densely populated New York.	2
Based on excerpt The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock were, to get it to work. For many reasons the builders would never get dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building.One reason this idea could never happen was because the dirigibles themselves were highly flammable. The hydrogen gas most places used to fuel there dirigibles made them highly flammable. In a highly populated areas such as New York this would be a problem.Another issue would be money. The builders would need more money to strengthen the building for the weight of the dirigibles. With a one thousand foot dirigible moored to the top of a building by a single cable tether there will be a lot of stress on the building.Finally the last reason would be safety. Violent winds would make dirigibles unstable When docked to the building. There is also an existing law against airships flying too low over Urban areas.In @CAPS2 based on excerpt The Mooring Mast; by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock were the flammability, money issues, and safety reasons.	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building had to suffer through many hardships in building the Mooring mast and trying to dock Dirigibles on it. Some of the obstacles that the builders had to over come where the weather, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself,"" (paragraph @NUM1). The winds at the top of the Empire State Building shifted a lot to do to the violent air currents, even if the Dirigible was tied to the mast the wind would push the back all the way around the mast. Another obstacle that the builders had to overcome was that they feared that the lead weights that held the Dirigible down would be dangling over the edge of the building, leaving it unsafe for pedestrians and for the pilot and passengers on the blimp."	2
"In the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by @PERSON1, there were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.Their biggest concerne was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable""(Lüsted, paragraph @NUM1).  The excerpt mentions the German dirigible, the Hindenburg which was destroyed in a fire. ""... the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"" (Lüsted, paragraph @NUM1).Another obstacle was nature itself.  ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (Lüsted, paragraph @NUM3).  The unpredictable winds made it impossible to safely dock people onto and off the dirigibles.Finally, there were laws put in place restricting airships flying too low over populated areas.  ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (Lüsted, paragraph @NUM4)."	4
"Although adding a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State building is a very clever idea, there are multiple problems and concerns that accommodate this new feature. For example, even if the cable were fastened strong enough to the one thousand-foot dirigible, it would add stress to the buildings frame, causing the building to grow weaker much quicker than without it. In addition, to alter the dirigibles large effect on the building, it would be neccssary to have the dirigible's weight and the wind pressure ""to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation,"" which was nearly impossible considering this distance was over @NUM1 feet @CAPS1, @CAPS2 was a large factor in building this futuristic structure; over Sixty thousand dollars had to be collected to see better support the building's structure"	2
A mooring mast could just be put on top of the Empire State Building.  If thousand-foot dirigible more debt the top of the building, held by a cable tether, then it would add stress to the building's frame.  The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure have to be transmitted to the bottom of the building, which was eleven hundred feet below.  The frame would have to be strengthened and modified, and this would cost over sixty thousand dollars.  Nature itself was the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast.  The winds were shifting because of violent air currents on the top of the building.  The back of a dirigible would swivel around and around the mooring mast.  Lead weights weighted down dirigibles, but they wouldn't be safe at the Empire State Building because there are pedestrians below.  These weights were used for open landing fields.	3
"Based on the excerpt, it is clear that the builders of the mooring mast atop of the Empire State Building faced multiple problems. To begin, the excerpt states that dirigibles from other countries were often filled with hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. The danger of hydrogen was demonstrated when the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" burst into flames. The Hindenburg incident could have been far worse if it had happened in a densely populated area, such as New York City. Aside from the Fire @CAPS1 the mooring mast would create, there was also a ban on low flying aircraft so in densely populated areas. According to the excerpt though, the greatest obstacle was ""Nature itself."" This was a reference to the powerful winds and violent gusts found at the peak of the Empire State Building. With those winds, it would be outstandingly difficult to control a dirigible safely. After realizing all of these complications and obstacles, it was decided that the mooring mast would not be built."	3
Some of the obstacles that builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigables to dock there Were things such as how to dock a dirigible to a bulding, feuling and Service, how to get passengers on and off as safe as possible, they also Should have thought about @CAPS1 a thousand foot dirigible @CAPS2 from the top of the building might do to its structure.The architects and engineers of the empire State building consulted with expert, letting people from the U.S. naval air station take a tour of the equipment and the mooring mast. (Which is the anchor for the dirigible) The passengers of the dirigible could get on and off by walking down a gang plank to an open observation platform.In all, over sixty thousand dollers worth of modifications had to be made to the builings foundation. And some dirigibles couldnt even dock	1
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock over the Empire State Building. If the builder's would want to dock the dirigibles they couldnt because there was no right area to land them. ""... in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area"". Another obstacle was they would have to know the kind of weather because nature it's self can take control. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The dirigibles if landed on the Empire State Building would be weighed down because in the back would lead weights so, it would weight it down. Another reason that it was an obstacle was because dirigibles used a gas of hydrogen rather than helium and the gas hydrogen is a highly flammable gas that can do a lot of harm if there are passengers present in the dirigibles and could be very dangerous for the Empire State Building."	2
"Architects based in New York tried very hard to build a successful mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, to dock dirigibles for several hours for refueling or service purposes and to allow passengers on and off the blimp. While building, Architects faced some challenging obstacles that destroyed the chances of the mooring mast to open and become usable. A dirigible moored at the top of the Empire State Building only held by one cable tether would cause tension on the building's frame. The weight and wind pressure would need to be transferred to the buildings foundation. About over @MONEY1 of modifications would need to be made to the buildings framework. Another obstacle was the roof. ""When the building had been framed to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the framing for the mooring mast could take place,"" wrote @PERSON1 in her article 'The Mooring Mast.' The greatest obstacle however was nature itself. Violent air currents caused the winds to change nonstop causeing the blimp to swivel around the mooring mast. The only solution would be to weigh down the back of the craft with lead weights, but the risk was to much. Last but not least there was a line New York against airships flying to low over urban areas. The law made it illegal for a blimp to even approach the Empire State building. As a result of not being able to use the mooring mast for dirigibles to station, the rooms set aside were turned into the world's highest soda fountain and a tea garden for tourist and sightseers. By the late 1930s dirigibles had become transportation of the past, and airplanes had made their way to the front of the crowd."	4
"While building the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. One of the first obstacles faced was competition. Al Smith, the governor of New York was determined to have the tallest building in the world, beating the Chrysler building which was also being constructed. This created an obstacle because it put pressure on Al Smith and the builders to makes such a miraculous, tall building.A second obstacle faced by the builders was having to create a successful mooring mast on top of the building that wouldn't harm the structure of the building itself. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" Over @MONEY1 worth of changes had to be made to the framework.The last obstacle was all the work put into the mooring mast for it to even be able to work. It was dangerous for diringibles to land there. The diringibles were highly flammable. Winds were harsh and unsafe, and there was a law prohibitting the aircraft flying so low."	2
The empire State building had to face dangerous condition every day like @CAPS1 winds, heavy lifting, High heights.	1
In the process of building the Empire State Building, there were many obstacles for the builders. Al Smith, who was the one who designed the building, wanted to make the building taller. He did this by attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on a mooring mast at the top of the building, reaching 1,250 feet high. There was obstacles in the way of attaining this goal. Safety was the greatest reason why it was never used as a docking station. Hydrogen was used in the dirigibles, which was highly flammable. An accident had already occurred having to do with a dirigible, called Hindenburg, in New Jersey. As popular as New York is they couldn't take the risk of putting harmful, dangerous gases in a densely populated area. Another problem that occurred to stop this building from being used as a mooring mast was the powerful wind currents that constantly shifted. The dirigible would be dangling high over pedestrians swivelling around because of the wind, this made it very unsafe and not even practical. One last reason the Empire State Building would not be able to have a mooring mast in which dirigibles could land was because there was a law which stated airships were not allowed too low over urban areas. These were some of the obstacles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple obstacles and they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock. The first problem was the overall safety. Dirigibles that were built outside the U. S required the use of hydrogen. Hydrogen is an extremely flammable gas that poses great danger. An example of this was when the Hindenburg was destroyed on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey. It finally occurred, that if a dirigible was destroyed over a densely populated area, it could potentially hurt a lot more people. A second obstacle that builders had to face was nature itself. At that altitude, there were violent air currents causing winds to constantly shift. This was a danger to the landing of dirigibles too. Even if a dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back would keep swaying. It would be harder to dock passengers, and allow for inspections. Also, dirigibles would typically weighted down with lead weights. However, because it was so high up, this was not practical or safe. The last obstacle these builders had to face were laws. One specific law did not allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. It was also illegal for the airship to tie up or even aproach the building. Overall, these obstacles denied the potential of the mooring mast.	4
"The builders of the Empire stat building encountered both man made problems and problems from nature while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main problem was the buildings strength. The building's steel was not nearly strong inef to ""transmite pressure from the dirigibe's load to the buildings foundation."" Also ""the winds at the top of the building were always moving and full of violent air currents,"" which would shove the Zeppelin into the edges of the building. It was prohibited for airships to fly too low over urban areas, and so making it illegal for a ship to even dock to the building. Price was also a factor, along with the buildings cost an additional sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework just to make the building strong inuf to accommodate an airship. Through all of those problems the builders encountered no wonder dirigibles docking at the mooring mast was not possible."	4
"One of the obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was to strengthen the frame of the building. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below (paragraph @NUM1)."" If the building was not strengthen, all that stress and force would collapse the building. Another obstacle faced to the perfection of docking dirigibles was modifying it's safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable (paragraph @NUM2)."" If a dirigible were to be destroyed by fire in downtown New York, I guarantee a really serious hazardous accident. Downtown New York is densely populated, a destroyed dirigible in downtown New York puts in danger the passengers of the dirigible and the pedestrians of downtown. Other than the two obstacles explained above, nature is another obstacle to the Empire State Building. Strong winds can affect the Building or even the dirigible. ""The winds on Top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents (paragraph @NUM3)."" Violent winds could force the back of the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast. A swiveling ship above pedestrians is no where close to safe. The law enforces that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. Flying too low over urban areas, once again, puts both pedestrians and passengers in state of danger. The dirigible could be blown by the wind and blow onto a sharp spire of other buildings in the area. These are the obstacles faced in docking a dirigible successfully."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building (@ORGANIZATION2) had many obstacles to face when building the mooring mast for dirigibles to dock. Top winds, the flammability of the foreign ships, and airspace laws all hindered the production of the blimp dock.Very high up in New York, the winds are dangerous. If a blimp tried to dock there, the back would be whipped around and could end up harming someone. Being that high up, that's dangerous.Many foreign dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, which is extremely flammable as witnessed with the Hindenburg. When that happened, the owners of the @ORGANIZATION2 thought it was too risky having those things flying over highly populated areas.There were laws made prohibiting low aircrafts over densely populated urban areas, so there could be no docking or they'd be breaking the law every time they did. That wasn't a risk the owner's wanted to take.The idea of the mooring mast was a very under- thought idea. Builders forgot the wind, flammability of Ships, and airspace laws would all end up stopping the mast's success. Now the @ORGANIZATION2 just has a long, useless pole on top of it.	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building. Because it was held by a Single Cable tether that would add Stress to the buildings frame. Another obstacle was that dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted to the Building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. Even though, the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and Strengthened to accommodate this new Situation. Overall, this cost over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications.	2
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles. One of those obstacles was making sure that blimps and other air born transportations didnt interfer with the building. Also another obstacle the builders had to deal with was making sure the docking areas were safe. Because if a blimp go to close to an urban city like @CAPS1.Y and have all thos flamable fuels leak out. It would be a big disaster. These are the obstacles the builders faced."	1
"In The ""Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1 many problems with the mast of the Empire State building are explained. One of the many problems was that the large deregible tied to the building mast would add stress to the building which could cause the building to collapse. But this problem was fixed by strengthening the building's foundation. A second problem with docking a dirigible at the Empire State building was the highly flammable gases the dirigible used to become lighter than air. If the dirigible were to catch fire its metal frame could fall to the ground endangering citizens below. The last danger would be that while the dirigible was docked strong air currents coming off of the building could cause the dirigible's tail to spin around on the mast. One way to fix this would be to Place lead weights on the back of the ship. But if one of these weights fell off of the dirigible it could potentially harm pedestrians below. Because of these problems the mast could never be used."	3
"An obstacle the builders of the Empire State building @CAPS1 was weight. If the story it says ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly @NUM1 feet below."" Another obstacle was nature. The story says ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was Nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."""	3
"Dirigibles are large steel-frame balloons enclosed by cotton and filled with hydrogen and helium. In the early 1930's, the new idea came about that the dirigibles would dock at the top of the Empire State Building in New York. After reading The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, we have learned of the obstacles the builders were faced with. The author notes, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The wings on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". The dirigibles would constantly be moving and shifting. The author also states, ""the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law was set in place for safety reasons. Due to the two main obstacles; nature and law, builders, wern't able to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building."	2