essay	domain1_score
The Empire State Building's docking zone was a magnificent and novel idea when it was first concieved but it was too difficult to implement. Al Smith, who spearheaded the operation, was too over anxious to complete it. Since not enough time was devoted to researching the risk's and structure of the dock, the plan to mount it on top the Empire State Building was already a failure.       Before the construction even began, trouble started to brew. The building couldn't withstand the stress of the @DATE1 foot long dirigible. The shock to the building would have transmitted tremendous pressure to the foundation. So the roof would have to be re-done in order for it to be structurally sound. After many months and @NUM1 dollars, the creation of the landing dock could begin.       Life is precious, and the landing dock was too volatile and dangerous to be used. The architects overlooked the fact that most foreign ones were made of hydrogen not helium. Hydrogen is extremely Flammable. In @LOCATION1, the Hindenburg, which was constructed using hydrogen caught aflame and killed hundreds. There was even a law stating that aircraft could not be suspended so close to an urban area. The idea was ostentatious and showy but because it was rushed, precautions were not taken into account. The obstacles that faced the docking station were too much, so finally the plan to erect it was abandoned.	3
"The @CAPS1 The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, shows the thoughtful, intelligent, yet obstacled ideas of attaching a landing dock to the Empire State building. The obstacles that builders of the Empire State building had to overcome were that wind speeds where the dirigibles would land were too strong and would whip the balloon around like a rag doll. They would ""have to use lead weights"" which would pose another problem, questioning the foundation of the building. The weight of the building also the weight of the lead weights might collapse the structure. The gases they use ""hydrogen and hellium"" make the balloon fly, but hydrogen ""is highly flamable and can't be used in populated areas."" There was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS2 are the obstacles and the reason ""the mooring mast of The Empire State building was destined never to fullfill its purpose""."	3
The first obstacle that it faced with having to reconstruct the body frame so that it could support the mooring mast, The second is that dirigibles from other country's used hydrogen, wich is highly flammable, instead of helium. The third reason wich should have been apparent from the start was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The last reason is the wind conditions at that hight made it impossible for the dirigibles to land there without the tail and swaying in the wind.	3
There were many reasons why architects had problems allowing dirigibles to dock on the empire State building. One of the problems was that most dirigibles were @NUM1 ft long and it would be to much. There Would only be a single cable tether and it would add stress to the buildings frame. The entire Steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened which would cost over sixty thousand dollars.The greatest reason why the mooring mast would never fullfill its purpose is safety. Most dirigibles from the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The greatest obsticale to the successful use of the mooring was nature itself. The winds on the top of the buildings were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast the back of the Ship would swivel around. They are meant to land on open playing feilds but using these at the empire state building Where they would be dangling high above pedestrians was not safe	3
The builders had a very hard time because of where it was located, and how the dirigible was to dock. Their first problem was the fact that it was so tall, it was hard to work on. Another problem was the fact that the blimp would be pulling in on the building, so it had to be reinforced. The final problems that made them most an unreliable choice, were the wind conditions and the fact that the tail end of the blimp could swing freely. These all contributed to make the mast on the Empire State Building a bad idea.	2
"Based on the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with a number of obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top. The greatest obstacle the builders faced was nature itself. @PERSON1 stated, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" therefore it wasn't safe for dirigibles to be docked there. The wind would cause them to swivel around the mast, and it would be unsafe for the builders to hang lead weights on the dirigibles because they would be dangling above the pedestrians on the street. The other obstacle which prevented dirigibles from mooring at the Empire State Building was due to the law against airships flying too low over urban areas or cities. This existing law made it illegal for dirigibles to ever tie up to the building or just approach it because the area was too low over the city. @PERSON1 said, ""although two dirigibles did attempt to reach the building before the entire idea was dropped."" @CAPS1 two dirigibles failed at getting close enough to tie up or to deliver there cargo safetly, because of the forceful winds and the non-existence of certain mooring equipment, which should've been installed. Due to the obstacles, dirigibles were never able to moor at the building."	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were, A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. So that was an obstacle because if the workers were up there working with that it would have to of been a very dificult situation and chalenging to work on the building with it like that. Another obstacle I would have to say would be the wind pressure they had when the thouand-foot dirigible was only hung on by a single cable that must of been a difficult obstacle with the wind blowing hard. Over sixty thousand dollers' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frame work must have been a challenging obstacle because they had to do alot of work that would take a while to get done if it has all over sixty thousand dollers' worth of work they had to do @CAPS1 on the frame work.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced some obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. Some of these obstacles had easy solutions, but some of them were really hard to solve.One obstacle they had was the dirigible on top of the building being hold by a cable tether only would cause stress to the building's frame. In order to solve this problem they needed to make modifications that would cost around six thousand dollars. This wasn't the only problem, there was a law that prohibited airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal to get close to this area or even try to get tie up to the building. Adding to this, the most difficult obstacle the architects faced was nature, and this problem was hard to solve and also hard to control.All this obstacles they faced lead them to give up for now & wait to see if later with more technology the could finally make this dream come true.	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For one thing, the builders couldn't simply place a mast on top of the empire state building, because the building would surely collapse. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the empire state building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"". To change and fix this problem, over sixty thousand dollars would be needed for the modifications. Another obstacle the builder's failed to see was the actual construction of a modern-day dirigible. The dirigibles, ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly Flammable"". If the dirigibles were to ever explode while docking, the situation would have been horrible over a densely populated area of New York. Lastly, the greatest obstacle of the building was nature itself. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around"". this would be very dangerous. The dirigible could @CAPS1 over pedestrians the streets meaning it was not safe at all. There are three obstacles that prevented the empire state building from allowing dirigibles to dock there."	3
"In @PERSON1's excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Although dirigibles were a modern form of transportation they were highly dangerous. As it states in paragraph @NUM1, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the U.S used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen in highly flammable."" This along with the ""violent air currents"" as stated in paragraph @NUM2, were two of the risks that the builders had to take into consideration. The builders needed to converse the idea of a safe way in which dirigibles could dock there insuring that no one gets hurt. Another obstacle the builders had to take into consideration was the law passed in which was, ""against airships flying to low over urban areas,"" as explained in paragraph @NUM3. The excerpt clearly explains the complications the builders had to endure and take into thought when constructing the Empire State Building. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building underwent many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast. One of which being that most dirigibles outside the U.S. used Hydrogen to float, making them very flammable and unsafe. If a blimp were to be damaged over New York, many people could be hurt. Also, nature itself made docking extremely difficult. Winds made the blimps very unstable. If one were tied to the mast, winds could wrap the line around the mast. Another obstacle was the existing law that prohibited aircrafts from flying that low over urban areas. This made it illegal for any ship to even approach the mast.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock this included not being able to put a mooring mast at the top of the building in fear that because the dirigible was being held by a ""single cable"" it ""would add stress to the buildings frame."" @CAPS1 with the amount the dirigible @PERSON1 and the wind the buildings frame would not be strong enough and would have to be ""modified and strengthened."" Another obstacle in attempting to get the dirigibles to dock was the wind. The building was high up @CAPS1 the wind currents were volatile and ""constantly shifting"" in result the back of the dirigibles ""would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" @CAPS2 obstacle faced by the builders was that they were trying to build the mooring mast in an urban area with other buildings, close by the dirigible could be pierced and would also be dangerous for the pedestrians in the city."	3
The builders of the empire state building where faced with multiple problems for their idea in for what the building would be used for.The first problem for the builders came up about the buildings frame. A thousand foot dirigible at the top of the building held by only one cable would cause to much stress to the buildings frame. the load of the dirigible and the wind would have to go to the buildings foundation, which was much to far below. The building would have to be modified costing over sixty thousand dollars in modifications. The architects made changes to the building to fit these needs. But again the architects we're presented with a problem. The mast of the building would cause problems that should have been spotted by the architects way befor construction. the biggest problem having to do with safety issues. most dirigible outside the country used hydrogen wich is highly flammable. There already had been an exsplosion one over New York could be to much.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. Firstly, the thousand foot dirigible would attach to the buildings by a single cable, adding stress to the frame of the building. The builders were forced to modify and strengthen the foundation to address the issue of stability. similarly, builders had to deal with the issue of wind pressure which were constantly shifing at heights of over @NUM1 feet in the air. The load of the dirigible swinging in the breeze would transmit pressure and stress onto the buildings foundation. This was a high safety concern, and pivotal to the decision that dirigibles could not dock at the empire state building. Lastly, builders were forced to face the law against airships flying too low over urban areas, making it illegal for dirigibles to even attempt to land on the mooring mast. The builders faced significant obstacles such as building weakness, safety, and law enforcement, that made attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State's mooring mast, virtually impossible.	3
Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders could not simply just drop a mooring mast on the roof. It would add stress to the building's frame. Another problem that faced the builders was that hydrogen is very flamable. If a dirigible had been caught on fire and exploded, over downtown New York, then law suites would be made. Another problem that faced the builders in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building were the winds at the top of the building. There were shifting winds due to violent air currents and these winds would make it extremely difficult for dirigibles to dock. The last obstacle was the fact that there was a law against aircraft flying too low over urban areas. Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	4
"In this excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem they faced was redesigning the building's original skeleton to fit the needs of the mooring mast. This can be shown when the excerpt states, ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework"" (paragraph @NUM1). The workers had to change their first design to meet the mandatory requirements for the mooring mast. The workers also had to face the fact that overall, the mooring mast was too dangerous to use. This can be proven when the excerpt says, ""The greatest reason was one of safety... hydrogen is highly flammable"" (paragraph @NUM2). The dirigibles used outside of the United States used a gas they created a dangerous risk for accidents. Another battle the builders had to face was the strong winds. This can be shown when the excerpt quotes, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"" (paragraph @NUM3). The winds caused the dirigible to move too much that it became unsafe to use. The builders of the Empire State Building were challenged with many obstacles while they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"There were many different obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles. For example ""the wind on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Because of the weather itself it caused them not to be able to build the mooring mast. Another reason is ""using the empire state Building where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe"". It could easily kill people that were roaming around. Lastly they could not more at the empire State Building because ""It was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."	3
Al Smith was a very competitive person: one of @CAPS1 Al had to go through is competing with another building and he had to make his building taller Than the Chrysler building. Wich in @DATE1 if he didn't make his building taller he would of lost the tittel of The tallest building in new york	0
There are many things in life that seem like they could be brilliant ideas but, in reality there are many flaws with it. One of these ideas is using the Empire State building as a mooring mast for dirigibles. This is what Al Smith, the governor of New York at the time, discovers in an excerpt from The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. In this excerpt the builders of the Empire State building had to face some serious obstacles to allow the docking of dirigibles: @CAPS1 building the Empire State building many of the blue prints had to be changed. One thing that had to be changed was the skeleton of the building. They needed a way to support the drigibles if they were to dock. The skeleton they had in place put too much stress on the top half of the building that it would result in breaking. Another thing that the builders had to deal with was the safety of the @LOCATION1. If the highly flamable helium inside the dirigibles then it would be putting thousands of peoples lives in jeopardy. Finally the builders had to deal with the violently shifting winds. This too put stress on the frame of the building since the winds were so strong there and also a fear that it would blow the blimp into the pointed mast and break the blimp. Overall there are many reasons why the Mooring Mast never became a reality.	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced while trying to dock dirigibles. One obstacle was nature. At the top of the building, the winds constantly changing because violent air currents. This would make a ship swivel around dangerously. Even if it was tied in the back would move. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of ship with swivel."" Another obstacle was safety. Foreign ships use hydrogen, and extremely flammable gas. In fields, they use lead weights to weight down. If an accident happened with either it would be extremely fatal. A flaming dirigible or a falling metal object  at extreme heights would cause serious injuries because the landing is above a highly populated city. ""Dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 use hydrogen... is highly flammable."" ""Could be weighted down by lead weights, but using these at the Empire State building, where they would be hanging high above pedestrians on the street."" A law forbids ships to fly in low urban areas so, if the moore worked it couldn't be used. These events led to the quiet dissaperance of the thought in the late 1930's."	3
Some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, was that it wouldnt be able to tie cable tether, because it adds stress to the buildings frame. Also in the story they tell you how the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommadate to the new situation.	2
"In the nonfiction article The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted it gives information of the potential problems from the Mast. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says ""The steel Frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened."" This shows that at first the building was not strong enough to hold such weight. Another problem was nature. The workers had to take nature into effect. If they had a dirigible or a blimp up there the wind could potentially harm the dirigible. There was also a law in place that for bid aircraft to fly that low. Finally, workers had to make the height exceed any other height that was taller. In @CAPS1 @NUM2 says ""In December 11, 1929, he announced that the Empire... would reach 1,250 feet..."" John Tauranac also followed by saying ""Their top they said would serve a highe calling."" The builders had a lot to take in to effect they had height issues, frame and law issues. That they had to sort out."	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, there is an obstacle the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. This idea would not work because the dirigibles is way to heavy, and that would cause more pessure towards the Empire state building. When there a massive amount of pressure on the building, it would collapse. ""The dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which nearly eleven hundred feet below."" Another obstacle is it was expensive to build it. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" In New York there are many places and people are tightly packed. There isn't any space that is big enough for the dock. ""Some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York city."" These are the main obstacles of the Empire state building to allow dirigibles to dock."	2
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to let dirigibles dock there. One obstacle they faced was that the building's frame would have to be modified. This was because the dirigible would add stress to the frame of the building when docked on it. These modifications would cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another obstacle the builders faced was that it would be too difficult to keep the dirigibles still. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This made it dangerous for passengers as well as pedestrians on the street and prevented the dirigible from getting close enough to tie up. A third obstacle the builders faced was that there was an existing law that said airships could not fly too low over urban areas because it was very dangerous. Although it seemed like a good idea, there were too many obstacles and dangers involved in letting dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building."	4
There are a few obstacles the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One was the violently changing wind currents at the height the docking to place. This would move the blimp and possibly send it into another building, puncturing the side of the balloon. Dirigible after dirigible being docked would put a lot of stress on the building itself. It would disrupt the frame and possibly effect the building as a whole. Also most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flamable as seen in the Hindenburg disaster. Due to all these reasons the mooring mast never saw a docked blimp.	3
"Al Smith, a former governor of New York had a brilliant idea to make the empire state building, the tallest building in the world.  He would put a mooring mast on the top to @CAPS1. dirigibles to the top so the dirigibles could let passengers off here.  But, this plan had many @NUM1, ""The stress of the dirigible's load into the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation"".  This is a problem because if the mast was just placed on the building, it would destroy itself.  Another problem is that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen.""  Hydrogen is a very flamable gas, and would put the whole section of the city underneath the Zeppelin at risk.  The third Reason was an existing law which prevented airships from flying too low in urban areas."	3
"In the excerpt from ""The @CAPS1 Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS2, many obstacles are described from the construction of the Empire State Building in New York City. Thousands of dollars were spent on hopeless modifications to the building, in efforts to add a mooring mast to the top for the docking of dirigibles, or blimps. These efforts however were unsuccessful. Two main obstacles builders faced during construction were safety in nature. After a 1937 dirigible fire in New Jersey, owners of the Empire State Building ""...realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (@NUM1, @CAPS2) and an existing law forbade low airships in urban areas. Also, the unpredictable winds provided workers with a very risky, dangerous situation in the end, although builders faced many obstacles during construction, diribles were never docked on the building."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced some problems while trying to allow the dirigibles to dock there. They couldn't just allow the dirigibles to land on the buildings flat roof, because it weighed too much and would add stress to the buildings frame.The plan never followed through for a few reasons. A big issue was safety. The dirigibles used hydrogen, which is highly flammable. The highly flammable substance was too dangerous to use above New York. The greatest issue was the wind. It was always changing because of air currents. The dirigible could be tethered down, but it would be floating in the air above pedestrians. The plan to build a mooring mast on the Empire State Building to allow dirigibles to dock their was a failure.	3
"While building the Empire State Building, Al Smith believed he had solved the problems of dirigibles having no where to land. However, having the building as a place for dirigibles to dock proved to be much harder than it seemed. First, the balloon would cause too much stress to the building's frame. The author states, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation..."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Also, because this frame would need to be modified, a lot of money would need to be spent. The author states, ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). It was too risky to invest on such an unsure project. Also, they realized how dangerous any accidents could be over such a populated area. The author explains, ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1 @NUM3). If anything had happened, a very large part of New York could have suffered. Although the plan of creating a mast for dirigibles was impressive, it was neither logical financially, or logical for saftey reasons."	4
Many obstacles stood in the way of docking the dirigibles on the empire state. One obstacle the builders faced was the law stating airships couldn't fly too low over urban areas. Also, the builders would have to reinforce parts of the building to support the stress the dirigibles would place on the frame.Lastly, nature would not allow the dirigibles to be safely docked due to the fact the violent winds would shift the back of the dirigible making it sway wildly. These obstacles made sure that dirigibles could not be docked at the empire state.	3
When the Empire State building was built the workers were trying to find new ways to @CAPS1 the structure. They had sudently had found some problems with one being the top of the empire state building.      Workers had tryed to figure out hwo they were going to but a Dirigibles on top of the building so that they could be able to pick up people and to drop them off up there but there were different problems.	1
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted talks about The Mooring Mast or also known as the Empire State Building of how it was built and the original purposes of the building. During the making of the Empire State Building, builders faced issues in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there such as architectural problems, different gases, and the law. The builders faced a problem with the architect of building. The roof top was a flat as it says ""the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" That meant the heavy dirigible would add stress to the building's frame Another issue they faced was the gas some dirigible used @CAPS1 dirigibles were filled with different gases and ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than Helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" It meant that the building could catch on fire and whole downtown New York. They also faced an issue with the law saying ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". It explains it would be illegal to tie a dirigible on the building"	3
"The excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains the construction of the Empire State Building in New York. The excerpt explains the steps of building the building as well is the obstacles and challenges that the builder faced. The architects of building the Empire State Building attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there, did not take into account the problems that may come with taking on such a large project.The creator of this plan to build a docking mast on the Empire State Building was Al Smith. Al Smith was so excited to build the mast, that he did not think about the complications associated with his ""master"" plan. Because of the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure, it was necessary for the building's frame to be strengthened which costed over  sixty thousand dollars. The greatest obstacle for the builders was a matter of safety. Most dirigibles use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen was known to be very flammable. If something like that happened over a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Another obstacle was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Also there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This excerpt shows that before you leap on a large challenge, you should look and take into account obstacles that may come with that."	4
"The idea to put a mast on top of the empire building @CAPS1 like a brilliant idea. People thought it would be a great idea to dock a dirigible on the mast, expecially because ""New york city was the lack of Suitable landing areas."" But it is easy to @CAPS2 how the mooring mast would never be able to dock drigibles. One reason this could never happen is because @CAPS3 of these drigibles contained hydrogen in them wich is highly flammable. ""When the german dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in lakehurst, New Jersey.... the empire State building realized how much worst that accident could have been."" @CAPS3 people would die if this happened over a highly populated area. Another reason that the mast would never be able to be used is because there was, ""an existing law against airships flying too low or over urban areas."" @CAPS4 even if everything was Set up correctly they would be breaking the law flying there dirigibles @CAPS4 close to the city. But the most obvious reason is that the weather would be to unpredictable above the empire State building. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly Shifting due violent air currents."" The mooring mast would just be a tottally unstable place to dock these drigibles."	3
In the excerpt the builders had wanted dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building. They found that they couldn't do that because the winds would push the dirigibles in all different dirrections. And also there was a law that air crafts had to be a certain height in the air.	2
The obstacles the builders fact was that they could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. The Steel Frame of the Empire state Building would have to be modified and Strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The greatest reason was safety: most dirigibles from outside of the united states used Hydrogen rather than helium, and Hydrogen is highly flammable. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. existing law against airships flying too low.	3
When the builders of the Empire State Building were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, they had great intentions but faced some obstacles along the way. This job was not an easy thing to accomplish, it's not as simple as it might sound. If the builders added a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, it would add stress to the buildings frame. All of the stress would be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, so they would have to modify and strengthen the steel. This would cost over @MONEY1, and thats a lot. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, the wind up at the top was constantly shifting. This wouldn't be safe either. There was also a law against airships driving too low and this would enable them from being able to dock. Also since other dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen instead of helium, it could easily cause a fire. The main obsticle for the builders was saftey when they were building this, there were many unsafe outcomes so it was too risky to construct.	3
"There were several obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One major problem was the stress added to the building's frame when the dirigible wore it at the top of the building. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" This meant that they would have to rearrange the frame to make it work. Consequently, the workers were never able to accomplish the goal. Safety was a major factor in the failure to dock dirigibles at the @ORGANIZATION1 dirigibles were highly flammable which could have caused a serious accident to occur. However, the ""greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" @CAPS1 there were heavy air currents above the building, it would cause the dirigible to ""swivel around"" when attached to the mooring mast. There was also an existing law that prohibited planes to fly low over city areas, which of making impossible for dirigibles to reach the building. As a result of all these obstacles, the main goal to dock dirigibles was not achieved."	4
"Various obstacles came up in this excerpt. This building of the mooring mast simply went from a dream to more of a way to win a record for the world's tallest building. The greatest obstacle they faced was the issue of safety. In paragraph @NUM1 it reads ""Most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1, an obstacle faced was the danger of the dirigible being destroyed by fire while trying to dock on the Empire State Building which would cause a large amount of destruction in New York. The builders, also faced the problem of nature itself. The violent air currents at these heights would cause the dirigible to swerve around the mooring mast. The builders also faced a legal issue stating in paragraph @NUM2 ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". @CAPS1, the dirigibles were never going to be allowed to fly so close to the Empire State Building anyway. These were the obstacles faced by the builders."	4
"The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph nine it states ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof."" This obstacle was massive because in order to accommodate the new station over sixty thousand dollars worth of work would have to be made to the building. Another reason as stated in paragraph @NUM1 ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."" This shows this was another major obstacle for the builders. Another obstacle for the builders is nature as stated in paragraph @NUM2 ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" this could be very dangerous. If the back of the ship was dangling over the streets surrounding the empire state building there could be many safety hazards. These obstacles were the main obstacles the builders had to face if the Empire State building would be a landing dock."	4
The idea of allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was laden with problems ranging from natural preventions to pre-existing laws. During the time of frequent dirigible travel in the world, a German dirigible called the Hindenburg was destroyed in New Jersey due to a complication with fire. This catastrophe revealed to the workers a problem they had previously overlooked, the fact that most foreign dirigibles were inflated with flamable hydrogen gas. The idea of a problem like the Hindenburg ocuring over one of the most densely populated cities in the world ruled out the idea. The workers of this project also overlooked the laws against airships flying too low over urban areas. Although the empire state building was anticipated to be the tallest building in the world, the soon to be created mast would still be too close to the millions of people in the city. After test runs had occured to try out the new mooring system it was seen that dirigibles were not even able to get close enough to the mast due to the strong winds. The idea that these same winds would blow the dirigible into another buildings spire put fear into the minds of the people. The combination of this variety of problems put an end to the idea of using a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building	4
"Al Smith and the builders of the Empire State building faced several obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. First obstacle was designing strengthening beams to the frame and foundation to support the extra stress caused by the dirigible's load and wind pressure. The second was that the gases used in some dirigibles were unsafe. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (Lüsted, @NUM1). The inefficient the gases, the violent air currents would either cause the dirigible to spend, or add lead weights which would ""... be dangling high above pedestrians"" (Lüsted, @NUM2). Among all of these problems ""... was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (Lüsted, @NUM3). Therefore, not only was it unsafe or impractical, it was illegal."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Throughout the excerpt the author states that ""dirigibles were being hailed as the transport of the future"" (paragraph @NUM1). This means that builders had to work harder and figure out ways to get this to work. Architects and engineers talked with experts about the equipment needed to build the dirigibles. The author also states that they asked people to test the dirigible. They had to work on the mooring mast in order to get the dirigible to work properply. Getting the mooring mast to work was very difficult for the builders. In paragraph @NUM2 it says ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Dirigibles were basically given up on by the 1930's."	2
"In ""The Mooring Mask"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building faced were nature, safety and the law. Al Smith, @CAPS1 of New York and headed construction of the Empire State Building, was determined to make it the tallest building ever. This would be impossible without a mooring mast, which would serve as a docking station for Dirigibles.In building the mooring mast, came obstacles. One obstacle was nature. There were violent wind speeds at the top of the building, which would cause the dirigible to sway back and forth. Lead weights were typically used to keep from swaying, but if used here, lead weights would be dangling @NUM1 ft above pedestrians heads. Which leads to safety being another obstacle. Many dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, a gas that is highly flammable, if ignited, the possibly largest accident would occur to New York City. The Final obstacle is the law. There is a law that states ""airships may not fly too low over urban areas."" Which would make the mooring mast's purpose illegal. Today, it is nothing more but decoration."	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced multiple potential problems in allowing dirigibles to dock there. For example, the strong winds up above the city streets could have caused the dirigible's back and to blow sideways and puncture on the tops of other buildings. On top of that, many dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, making them highly flammable. Also, the added stress of a dirigible moored on the Empire State Building could have easily cracked or collapsed the building and its foundation. Luckily, the builders and engineers behind the mooring mast had enough sense to cease production of the mast, because it was merely an excuse to cover up the competitive nature of the building's designers.	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. One example is, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. When the builders realized that hydrogen is flammable, they had to rethink the construction for if there was a fire it would be much more dangerous in a populated area like New York. The chances of people getting hurt or injured are more likely. Another obstacle was, ""dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building [because] of an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for shipped ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" This was a major obstacle because the builders would have been violating a law. It would also be very dangerous."	3
In The Mooring Mast builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The obstacles the builders faced were that they realized hydrogen was very flammable. An example from the excerpt is a German dirigible was caught on fire, the builders then thought how much worse it would of been over a densely populated area. Another obstacle was the use of the mooring mast. The winds at the top of the building were harsh, and made it hard for landing. It was also a law that airships could not fly low over urban areas. The builders of the Empire State Building then decided not to use the mooring mast for dirigibles.	3
When architects and engineers planned on building the mooring dock for blimps on the Empire State building they didn't realize all the problems that could happen. One of these problems was a big safety issue. Most blimps used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable. If a blimp were to catch fire while on the Empire State, it would end in a disaster. Another obsticle was nature. The wind was unpredictable and the dirigibles would just be swinging in the wind. If the wind got to strong it could add a lot of stress to the building and it could colapse. One last reason was an actual law. The law stated it was illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. The mooring dock on the building would have never worked.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in atempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The bigest obstacle is to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his empire state building. One set of engineers and the government people in washington are figuring on some safe way of moooring airships to this mast. The greatest obstacle itself was mother nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to vilant air currents. These are some of the many obsticles of the Empire State building faced wile atempting to alow dirigibles to dock there.	2
"Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles. The first problem was the material of the dirigibles. Dirigibles ""were actually enormous steel frame balloons with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium make them lighter than air."" The first problem is that it's material could be broken if happened to fly into a sharp area of the building, and the ""violent air currents"" did not help. Since the dirigibles could not be weighted down at the Empire State Building, it would be dangerous to have them ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street."" Another obstacle was the fact that the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen. Although dirigibles from the United States were filled with hydrogen and helium, ""most dirigibles from outside the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" With these obstacles builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there, the theory did not work out in reality."	3
"Although thousands of dollars and countless hours were spent on the Mooring Mast, certain obstacles prevented dirigibles from docking atop the Empire State Building for safety reasons. First, these dirigibles were not safe to fly over populated areas. Some contained the highly flammable gas hydrogen. Also, a German dirigible called the ""Hindenburg"" burst into flames in New Jersey. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, ""the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" The winds at the peak of the Empire State Building were violent. It is stated in paragraph four teen, ""The winds on top the building were constantly shifting."" It would not be safe to dock a dirigible on the Empire State Building."	3
"Based on the excerpt from The Mooring Mast, there are three main obstacles prevented the Mooring Mast on the Empire State Building from being used in the way it was intended. The first obstical was that it lacked safty. Dirigibles are highly flammable machiens when used with hydrogen, and a fire in New York City would be tragic..  Another obstical that the Mooring Mast faced was @CAPS1 Nature. The mooring was designed to attach to the dirigibles with a electric winch, allowing the dirigibles to move freely. When the winds of @ORGANIZATION3 were to blow on this situation, the diridles would ""swivel around & around the mask"" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) this would cause tension to build on the buildings frame and lead to a very unsafe inviorment. The last reason was that there was a law created that stated that it was illegal for a ship to fly too close to urban areas for safty reasons leaving the whole Mooring Mast to be unusable."	3
"Based on the excerpt, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. ""Hydrogen is highly flammable."" The dirigibles ran on hydrogen verses helium and if it were to ever to catch on fire there would be pedestrians everywhere below that would be in grave danger. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Because the dirigible would be docked so high with little back control, the fierce winds would be a huge issue. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" If a dirigible were to dock there it would also be breaking laws. ""...was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The builders a lot more obstacles dealing with the docking of dirigibles than just architectural."	3
"In constructing the Empire State Building, builders faced multiple obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock atop the @CAPS1. One obstacle that constructors faced was modifications, ""The stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the foundation."" With this obstacale contractors would need to reinforce the @CAPS1 of the frame and the foundation. And the obstacle as stated from the excerpt is ""most dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, which is flammable."" @CAPS2 that hydrogen is flammable it would not be good if a dirigible exploded over the streets of New York. Those are the obstacles contractors faced during the construction of the Empire State Building."	3
While building the Empire State Building the architects were faced with many obsticles when the decision was made to use the Empire State Building to talk, load, and refule dirigibles.  How to dock a dirigible to the side of a building was one of the biggest concerns, but the amount of stress this would cause was an even bigger worry.  But the greatest obsticle to this project was the wind, nature itself.  The fear was that the wind would blow the dirigible into a neighboring building, and tethering the dirigible was not an option for safety reasons.  Due to the architect's inability to overcome these obsticles the Empire State Building was never used for it's original purpose.	2
The first obstacle was their expanded use in New York City was the lake of suitable landing area. Because some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City.The second was that there dirigibles had hydrogen in it and hydrogen was highly flammable. And the realized how much worst accident could have been if it had taken place in New York because this is where they were located. They had to re-think about they're plan. And another one was that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents.	2
"Builders of the empire state building faced challenging obstacles in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock their ""The greatest obstacle was nature itself"" This was a huge problem for the mooring masts because they could not get close enough to the building to land. The winds were too strong. Secondly, there was an ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" meaning that because there were so many people in a small area of downtown New York it was too dangerous for dirigibles and other aircrafts to be that low. Lastly dirigibles from outside of the state used hydrogen rather then helium ""hydrogen is highly flameable"" After the German Hindenburg had an accident with fire it was clear that taking the risk of an accident like that happen above the heads of thousands of pedestrians was a bad idea. The obstacles, which were noticed too late; before the construction, is why the dirigables are not allowed to land on the Empire State building to this day."	4
The builders of the Empire state building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders had to be cautious about safety, which played a big role with the dirigibles. Many dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen instead of helium. Because hydrogen is highly flammable they wouldn't want the city to be destroyed and at risk of a massive fire. Another problem was nature itself. There were violent air currents above the building and not be a danger to the local pedestrians of New York. The final obstacle builders faced when trying to pursue the dirigible idea was a law that prohibited airships flying too low over urban areas. They would be breaking the law to even allow it within the area of the building, with so many issues occurring in the development of the dirigible plan, the idea of using them quietly disappeared.	3
Some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced was. how to build the morring mast. how to atach the mooring mast to the frame of the Empire @CAPS1 Building.	1
"Some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock was that the winds at that height were alway changing and difficult to land a dirigible with. Also the dirigible are highly flammable because the used hydrogen rather than helium. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The project was a bad idea from the start. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" They even attempt to try it before they gave up. ""In December 1930, the @ORGANIZATION2 dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but couldn't get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds.""  It just wasn't made do that job so it wouldn't work."	3
"The obstacles the @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the safety of the people below. Also As it says in @CAPS2 @NUM1 ""existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."" Another main reason is in @CAPS2 @NUM2. The wind currents were violently shifting."	2
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. in the excerpt ""The Mooring Mask"" by @PERSON1. The architects and engineers of the Empire State Building were all very competitive for the Building to be very tall and they did not have a very great plan that they used. They wanted the building to have a great top and wanted it to also be useful, so they wanted dirigibles to dock there They figured out after that it wasn't such a good idea when they looked into the history of how many accidents happened. If any accident happened in New York like that then it would be a very big deal because there are so many people that live there. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mask. They felt it would be unsafe for many reasons. This is the reason why the builders went through many obstacles"	2
Acording to the @CAPS1 both the @CAPS2 and the architects came across several obsticles when it came too building an Area Where Blimps could land that made this @CAPS3 unfesable. One of the @CAPS4 Reasons that this @CAPS3 @CAPS5 was due to the Air laws that made it illegal to fly too low in urban Areas. An additional conflict was fact was that @CAPS6 winds could push the tale of the blimp into sharp spires of neighboring buildings that would pop the dirigible as if it where a balloon.	2
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast I have seen how the builders of the empire State building ran into obstacles trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The empire State building was already standing in the architects decided to renovate and make a dock for dirigibles. The architects working on this project had to strengthen the buildings frame. They also had to have wenches and control machinery for the dirigible mooring. The architects also needed to install housed elevators and stairs bring passengers down to the base floor and back up. After the renovations were done to be empire state building it had 102 floors. After the building was done the owners found out that they could not let dirigibles on to the building. They would break the law of airships flying to low in urban areas. So the empire state building was finished but you could not use it for dirigible's.	3
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were that there wasn't a lot of room for them to land. The length of them was the same as four blocks in New York City. They also needed to consult with experts and take tours of the equipment. They did lots of experiments and tests on dirigibles. It was also dangerous to have them land there. It was also bad for the enviroment because hydrogen is used and it's is highly flammable. Dirigibles can't dock there because it wasn't stable and that makes it not safe for people.	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast, written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems with their ideas. The builders thought they would be able to make a successful landing dock for dirigibles. Everything they did was all planned right but when it came time to test it, it didn't work. There were quit a few problems with there idea of using the Empire State Building is a landing dock for dirigibles.One reason that this one not successful was because the dirigibles wern't able to get close enough to attach the building In order for the dirigible to be ankered would be for a rope to be tied to some thing. But the balloons wern't able to get to close to the building because the point at the top of the building was making it too hard. If it got to close to the point, it could puncture the balloon which would not be could because the gas that holds it up would come out and the balloon would fall. There is one more major reason they're plan did not work.The other major reason would be because of the wind. the wind would get so wild the back of the blimp would sway back and forth, making it dangerous for passengers. They wouldn't be able to weigh it down with weights would be dangerous for the pedestrians down in the city @CAPS1 of the major reasons why the plan to dock dirigibles at the empire state building would not work.	3
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there would be that the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof because a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications on the framewor The greatest obstace of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current. The back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting dirigibles to dock there. First the stress of ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether,"" was a problem. So the steel frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the dirigibles. Next, they faced the fact that dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the Owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" @CAPS1, the greatest obstacle was the winds on top of the building that changed due to violent air currents. If you had a dirigible moored and weighted down with lead weights above pedestrians, it could lead to disaster. In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, builders realized too many obstacles interfered and it could never happen."	4
"When the builders of the Empire State Building were in the process of building the docking station they ran into many @CAPS2. One of these @CAPS2 being the air currents at the top of the building. The dirigible would be unable to stay still and safely let off its passengers. Evidence to support this claim comes from the article itself when it says, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Another obstacle the builders faced was the law. This law prohibited airships from flying low in a populated area. Therefore an airship trying to dock at the Empire State Building would be breaking the law. This was explained in paragraph fifteen of the article when it said, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" @CAPS1, it became very dangerous to dock these dirigibles in a populated area or near a building because there was the threat of them bursting into flame. Such as the dirigible Hindenburg in 1937. The article explains that the builders realized this new threat, ""... the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been..."" @CAPS2 plagued the construction of the docks."	4
"Dirigibles, or blimps, were seen as the transportation of the future. In order to add height and yet serve a purpose, architects of the Empire state Building decided to build a mooring mast upon the building to accommodate ""aviation pioneers."" @CAPS1 the mast was built and gave the building its desired height, the usage of it as a docking station for dirigibles would never be fulfilled. The obstacles that builders had in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock included the height of the building, wind speeds, and the safety of civilians. The height of the building was 1,250 feet, thus having violent shifts in air currents. ""The wind s on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Dirigibles also used hydrogen for fuel and lead weights to be weighed down; however, by using the mast, hydrogen and the use of lead weights provided a safety hazard to civilians below. Builders had created the mooring mast to dock dirigibles, but the idea caused problems and was never fulfilled."	2
"The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 is mainly about builders and architects attempting to put a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building in New York. At first, the main idea of the mooring mast was to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast to drop off and bring on passengers. The mooring mast was needed because ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" (paragraph @NUM1). One reason why this plan did not work out was because it was not safe, because the hydrogen that dirigibles use is highly flamable (and this could cause a serious fire). Also, if it was a windy day, the dirigibles could get pushed around by the winds. To stop this, they have lead weights to weight them down, but they cannot use these with all of the people and other buildings around. Also, dirigibles could not fly too low over these kinds of areas. Although the plan did not work, it was better to have everyone be safe."	4
"Many obstacles were faced by the builders of the Empire State Building as stated in the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2. These obstacles included safety and availability. The idea of being able to dock a dirigible to a building in the middle of a densely populated city such as New York was extremely unsafe between the explosive tendencies of Hydrogen and the unmanageable winds. With the winds the dirigible would continuesly move around the mast creating an extremely unsafe environment for all. Availability would also be put into question, in paragraph fifteen @ORGANIZATION2 tells about the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles @CAPS1 to dock due to the unavailable route of save entirence. This unavailability made traveling to the mooring mast almost impossible. The obstacles in the mooring mast include availability and safety."	3
"In the article, The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1 was determined to make the Empire State Building the tallest building. To make the Empire State Building taller than the Chrysler building, Smith decided to create a ""mooring mast"" where dirigibles could land and become ""transportation of the future."" However, the dirigibles never landed, because there were many obstacles in landing a dirigible on the Empire State Building. Many Dirigibles that are from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and because the Empire State Building is in New York City, it would be hazardous for a hydrogen filled dirigible to land, in a densely populated area, like New York City. Another obstacle faced is the weather at the top of the Empire State Building. The winds are much stronger than down the streets. If the dirigible were able to land, the winds would be blowing the dirigible all around and out of control. Finally, it is illegal to have a airships flying too low to the ground and near people. By having a dirigible land on the mast, it would break the law. There were too many obstacles for Al Smith's idea to become reality."	4
The dirigibles were not able to dock on the mast of the Empire State Building for obvious reasons. When the construction workers were building the mast, they didn't realize how dangerous it was having a dirigible landing on the top of the building. There were a few cautions that the workers realized. First off, if the dirigible catches on fire like the one in Lakehurst, New Jersey, then a lot of people would be at risk because it is such a big city with massive amounts of people. Another reason they realized after was that it was too dangerous for the dirigible to land there due to the high swirling winds. If they tried landing there, but the violent winds wouldn't let them, then it would not be the least bit safe. This is how the workers of the Empire State building faced obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there.	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were: The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. United States used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable.	2
the obstacles the builders of the empire state @CAPS1 face. was that their expanded use in @LOCATION1 was the lack of a suitable landing erea. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his empire state Building.A mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passangers off and on. Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mast.	1
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the was obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow derigibles to dock there. One obsacle was that dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. This was a problem because as it says in paragraph @NUM1, line four, ""hydrogen is highly flammable."" The geatest obstacle for builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock was nature itself. Nature itself would be an obstacle because ""dirigibles moored in open fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weighths, but using the at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" This were some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow derigibles to dock there."	3
The obstacles of getting the dirigibles to be able to dock at the empire state building was, they couldn't put the fuell on top of the building. Putting mooring mast on top of the roof would make it very unstable and putt a lot of Pressure on it. For this to happen they had to modify the structure of the roof, which ended up costing over @MONEY1. After succefully building that they had another obstacle. It was trying to figure out how the dirigibles wouldn't move around with so much wind currents. They never figured out how and the idea just disappeared.	2
"The idea of allowing dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State building was unrealistic because there was a lack of identification of possible flaws in this plan. As a new form of transportation, dirigbles were not safe. This was proven true when the German dirigble, ""Hindenburg"", exploded in 1937. In addition, a more significant obstacle that was not adressed when the plan was created was the problem with its location. In the crowded streets of New York City, suspending flamable dirigibles above population is unsafe. This location is also an obstacle because of the equipment needed to land the dirigible: lead weights. The use of lead weights to way down the dirigibles is unimaginable with the possible dangerous situations it could create. The creators of this idea solely designed this system on top of the Empire State building to incorporate a futuristic form of transportation to make the building more unique. The Empire State building builders and encountered many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their because the concept was far past the capabilities of their age."	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced is that the architects made the Empire State Building more dirigibles. The architects put the thousand-foot dirigible at the top of the building that is held by the cable tether. The dirigible's have to go through the wind pressure which was about eleven hundred feet below. The frame of the Empire State Building have to be strong and it cost more than sixty thousand dollars of modification to made the building's framework. The architects changed the design and made something new. The architects have a difficult obstacles of building the Empire State Building is to make it dirigibles.	1
Based on The Mooring Mast article, by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building face numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Their dream put New York on the forefront of modern travel never was fulfilled.     First, over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework because of the stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure, which would add stress to the frame. However, one of the greatest obstacles the builders encountered was safety. Most dirigibles use hydrogen, which is highly flammable and could be very dangerous, especially in highly populated areas such as New York. Also, the violent winds on top of the building made it impossible to keep the dirigibles stable and not swiveling around the mast. Lead weights could be used to weigh down dirigibles that moored in the field, but this would be unsafe dangling from a building. Finally the idea violated a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. All of the contributing obstacles the builders faced made their dream of using the mooring mast for dirigibles unsuccessful.	4
"Besides The facts That docking dirigibles on a mooring mast on The empire State building would cost over @MONEY1 and add a lot of Stress to the buildings frame, Smith wanted to pursue his dream.Unfortunatly, he couldn't do that. There are @NUM1 big reasons. in paragraph @NUM2 it says most dirigibles are too flammable. That's because they use hydrogen rather than helium. Just like the German dirigible Hindenburg, which was destroyed in fire in New Jersey. paragraph @NUM2 says docking The dirigibles is plain dangerous because The Wind would cause them to @CAPS1 all over, Rather than being docked on The ground and being weighed down. Lastly, It wasn't legal. Paragraph @NUM4 states ""... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. was another practical reason."" The dirigibles would not be high enough in The air to be legal, and it was highly dangerous because pedestrians below."	3
"While builders attempted to create a landing area for dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, they ran into many problems. Al @CAPS1 idea sounded unrealistic but with enough motivation they were set on trying to make it happen. After so much renovation, work, and ideas they had finally realized all the potential problems.What's being built all the problems became apparent. The main reason they never used the dock is because they realized it could possibly catch fire, like it had in New Jersey... ""The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area..."". Also they warned about the intense winds on top of the tower. They feared it would continuously blow around the dirigible without a way to weigh it down. Another reason is it is against the law to fly airships to low over urban areas. The builders faced many obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building."	3
"There were several obstacles that prevented dirigibles from docking at the Empire State Building. First, if a dirigible was ""moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" The framework was not strong enough for this. But the main reason was safety. It was known that most foreign dirigibles used ""hydrogen rather than helium"", which is highly flammable. Things wouldn't go well if there was an incident in a populated place like New York. Also, the winds causing the ship to swivel around, and lead couldn't be used to weigh it down for safety reasons. Finally, there was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" which makes it illegal for any dirigible to even come close to a building. All of these reasons contributed to why docking dirigibles would come with many obstacles."	3
"After reading the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, it easy to see that this project faces numerous obstacles to overcome. The builders of the Empire State Building have a lot on their plate in order to allow dirigibles to dock their. For example, the builders have to modify and strengthen the @ORGANIZATION1 frame and also construct a mast to which dirigibles could dock.If there was to be ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether,... (@NUM1) it would add an enormous amount of stress to the entire building This is why the steel frame of the Empire State Building has to be strengthened, and ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"" (@NUM1). The builders of the Empire State Building also have to construct a mast for the dirigibles. In the end, ""...the architects who designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside, with a step-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself"" (@NUM3). This idea of adding a mast for dirigibles to the Empire State Building creates much work for the builders.This excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2 easily illustrates the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building have to overcome. From modifying the frame to constructing the mast, these builders sure do you have a greatly increased workload."	2
"Many things went wrong while trying to allow dirigibles to dock ontop of the Empire State Building. First, allowing this dirigible to dock on top of the Empire State Building ""would add stress to the buildings frame"". -@CAPS1 @NUM1. These Dirigibles are highly flamable and over a very populated place like New York City could be very dangerous. The winds at the top of the building were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast.""-@CAPS2 @NUM2. If lead weights were used they could fall from dirigible and kill civilians. The biggest obstacle was that a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This seemed to be a good idea on paper but when actually attempted it was too unrealistic."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. By building a mooring mast, they had to make changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton. ""The steel frame of the building had been modified and strengthened"" in order for the mast to fit properly and remain stable and safe.        Another obstacle faced by the builders was creating a design that would allow dirigibles to dock on the mast. They were to tie the front of the aircraft to the building, however this didn't work out, because, as the author states, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempt to let dirigibles dock there."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles (Blimps) to dock there was that there were way too many risks that were being taken to make this mast and it was just too dangerous.I think that the mast opposed too many risks because for one it would be flying too low and two, if it caught on fire or was hit by lightning it would explode and people would get seriously hurt, OR the mast could snap off!As @PERSON1 said, ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring air ships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear.""@CAPS1 @PERSON1 Clavan means is that the fact that there are so many problems with mooring air ships to this ""mast"" that it just isn't safe to go through with right now!"	1
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock their. First, the expectations of the project were unrealistic because there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS1 even if they found a safe way to land dirigibles they would be breaking the law. Second, there were ""violent air currents."" When they tried to dock the dirigible on the building, it could not get close enough to it to land because of the wind. Lastly, it was a huge safety hazard. Most dirigibles ""used hydrogen rather than helium,"" and hydrogen is very Flammable. In a densely populated area. ""the owners of the Empire State Building realized how [bad an] accident could have been. As a result, dirigibles never fulfilled the expectations of the transportation of the future and they did not dock on the Empire State Building."	4
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire state building faced attempting to make the dock for dirigibles.The architects desgned a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower. They would have to make the Empire State Building strong enough to have the wind blowing around up on top. In the late run they would have to face the law. These are the obstacles that the builders had to face.	2
"The Mooring Mast, by @ORGANIZATION2 describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The Empire State Building was competing with the Chrysler Building in being the tallest building. Al Smith, the governor at that time, didn't want to be beat. Being the governor of New York, Smith added more floors to the building developing it into a dirigible dock.As time went on, the building ran into more problems. Tying a thousand-foot dirigable to the building, would add stress to the frame. ""The steal frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to be accomadate this new situation"" The frame around the building wasn't durable enough to hold a ""blimp"" The building would collapse while taking other buildings down. sixty-thousand dollars went into re-fining the frame but in the end, the building still failedAfter the frame was stable enough, more problems ocured. ""The greatest reason was one of safety Dirigibles used hydrogen, meaning it flammable."" Not only did the reason of safety of people went aganist the Building so did the law ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" once Al Smith realized even the law forbidded this, all plans that rose into action stoped, and the Empire State Building remained the same."	3
"The obstacles builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire were saefty, nature, and U.S law. Saefty was a major obstacle because, ""Most dirigibles from outside the United states used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1 lin @NUM2). Nature itself was another obstacle faced in allowing dirigibles to dock at the empire state building. ""The Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1 @NUM3 line @NUM4). One final obstacle that would hault the docking of dirigibles at the Empire State building was U.S law. The law was agaist airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illeagle for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approch the area"" (@CAPS1 @NUM5 line @NUM6)."	3
"In the excerpt of ""The Mooring Mast"" the people attempting to make dirigible docks had ended up with big obstacles in reaching that goal. Before even adding the mooring mast on top of the Empire State building, the workers had to modify the frame or otherwise ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" The mooring mast goal was really starting to be dowstable when one problem wasn't realized. Safty, as most of the dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen instead of oxygen, for example ""a German dirigible named Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in lakehurst, New Jersey, since hydrogen is very flamable. Because of realizing this, the situation could've been ""how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place about a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Also ""nature itself"", was the greatest obstacle, as Shifting winds would cause the dirigible to swivel around, even if it makes it to the mooring mast. The dirigibles could use weights, but using them at the Empire State building, ""while they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the Street, was neither practical nor Safe""."	3
"There were many obstacles that builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles were that architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. This is because as it says on paragraph @NUM1, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" Another obstacles were making the mooring mast of the Empire State Building to fulfill its purpose. It was very hard to make the mooring mast fulfill its purpose because the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. In paragraph @NUM2 it states that, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" These are the reasons why the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the building."	3
When the architects and builders were planning on how to build the mast onto the Empire State Building, they faced many obstacles.  An example of an obstacle they faced was they had to construct the mast so it wouldnt fall off when a dirigible docked.  They couldnt use cable.  tether to hold the mast down because it put to much stress on the building's frame and foundation.  Another obstacle the builders had to face was how to strengthen the Empire State Building's frame.  In order to get the Empire State Building's frame strong enough to hold the mast, it would cost over sixty thousand dollars.  Those are some examples of obstacles builders had to face.	2
"Based on the excerpt, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, the safety of the city and dirigibles were a concern. In paragraph thirteen, it states ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"". In addition, the greatest of obstacles was truly nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" As a dirigible attempted to succesfully use the mooring mast, the back end of the blimp would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". There additionally was a law which dated airships cannot fly that low over an urban area. Thus, the multiple obstacles which were faced through this ""architectural breakthrough"" destroyed any hope of the building's true purpose."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it. The architects could not just drop a mooring mast on the top. If they did, the whole building's foundation would have to be changed. Nature was also a major reason to stop the project. The wind currant were always changing and the blimp would swirl around. Safety was the greatest reason to shut down the job. Hydrogen is very flammable and if the blimp, which would be over New York was to burst into flames many people would be killed. In conclusion, these obstacles are why the builder stopped and didn't complete the project for the Empire State Building.	3
The Empire State Building faced numerous problems in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The most important reason was the safety of the people. Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium to power their dirigibles and hydrogen is extremely flammable The death toll would be astronaumical over a dense population as downtown New York. Another obstacle faced in this creation was nature. The winds at the top of the Empire State Building were constantly shifting and the idea of a dirigible dangling high above pedestrians was not safe. The last reason that the dirigibles were not safe was the existing law in the U.S. At the time of the building of the Empire State Building, a law existed that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas. Therefore, the dirigible was to close to the ground and was not allowed to dock. The idea of dirigibles docking at the Empire State Building is a phenomenal idea, however, there are to many obstacles prohibiting it.	3
"When the builders of the Empire State Building envisioned leading dirigibles moor at the top, there were some critical flaws. For one thing, a thousand foot dirigible moored to such a small focal point with the wind pressure and its own load would exert enormous pressure on the building's frame (p. @NUM1). This could potentially lead to the building's collapse is due to the strain. Another reason was at such high altitudes, the wind is quite violent and would sway the back of the dirigible over thousands of pedestrians below, which is neither ""... practical nor safe."" (p. @NUM2). If something went wrong, the dirigible could take out another building or worse: fall. A more practical, legal obstacle was a law against the presence of airships over cities. A dirigible mooring to a mast, even at that height, was illegal (p. @NUM3). Therefore, with so many obstacles it was deemed impractical to use the Empire State Building as a high-altitude dock."	4
The building had a steel framed body up to @NUM1 floors the glass windows to the 102nd floor. They had to also had to upgrade the building because the stress that gets put on from the blimps.	1
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building are faced with several obstacles on they attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they encountered was designing a mooring mast that could with hold the stress of the dirigible's load. In stanza @NUM1 the author writes, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" @CAPS1, the steel frame of the Empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to ameliorate this problem. Next, the greatest obstacle they faced was the strong winds on top of the building. In stanza @NUM2, it say, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This arrived as a huge problem as the architects could not weigh down the back of the ship because it could endanger pedestrians. Lastly, in stanza @NUM3 it states there is ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS1, it would be illegal for the dirigibles to tie up to the empire state building or even come close to the area. Due to these three obstacles the plan of using a mooring mast became an idea of the past."	4
There were plenty of obstacles the builder faced it trying to allow the dirigibles to dock here are some. First having something this big land on a @NUM1 foot building would add lots of stress to the buildings frame. All of this stress have to be distributed throughout the eleven hundred foot building which was unthoughtof. In order to make the building suitable for all this weight it would cost over sixty thousand dollars and that was alot concidering every thing elsethat they were doing. Those were @CAPS1 a few obstacles they had trying to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the empire state building.	2
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there @CAPS1 was the actual design of the mooring and modifications that would have to be made to the building. Due to the stress of the wind pressure and the load of the dirigible, structure of the building had to be made stronger. The mast would also have to withstand holding down the dirigible just one cable tether, which would put a lot of stress on the mast and building. Another issue faced by the builders was the fact that dirigibles from outside the United States most the used hydrogen, not helium, in the balloon, which made it more flammable and dangerous. If one ever caught on fire above New York City, it would be disastrous. Finally, there was already a law in place that airships could not fly to low over urban areas. This law made it so that it was illegal for a ship to ever tie up to, or even approach the Empire State Building. In conclusion, the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges, most too great to overcome. When it came to trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the spire of the building.	4
"Attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building created many obstacles for its builders. Some of which weren't even discovered until finally attempting to do it.The first of the builders problems started with trying to prepare the actual building for the added stress that would be applied when having dirigibles try to dock. They spent @MONEY1 on modifications to reinforce the framework of the building. Then ""Rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower..."" This created lots of unnecessary work for the workers, as well as made obstacles.There was also a lot of danger associated with docking dirigibles that the builders had to deal with. The violent changing air currents would require them to make the mast as sturdy as possible and account for the movement of the dirigibles. Finally the builders find out the biggest obstacle which is that it is legal for airships to fly that low over urban areas, so technically they weren't even allowed to do what they did. Thinking back on it, it is obvious to see that ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose..."""	3
While designing and building the mooring mast atop the Empire State building, the engineers seem to have ignored some seemingly useful information. As with any vehicle in the air or at sea, wind is either your enemy, or your friend. The engineers should have taken into greater consideration that changing wind speeds and direction 1,250 feet in the air are huge threats. Your dirigible will have a hard time getting close enough to the mast to moor, never mind to stay steady enough for passengers to exit, and board safely. Also if the law itsself prevented you from floating your blimp at such low altitudes, then its game over. Why even bother if its illegal? Although it seems like a futuristic sci-fi, and not to mention downright cool way to land a blimp, to many things prevented the idea from prevailing.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibels to dock there. The main reason the diriibles couldn't dock there was because the dirigbles load. The load would cause stress. The wind pressure also is another reason dirigbles couldn't dock there. ""The wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" The dirigbles were docked by means of an electric winch. The electric winch was fine but, it also says ""the dirigible could swing in the breeze"" this could have been a safety concern also."	3
When attempting to add a mooring mask to the Empire State Building, the people who were adding it faced several impediments. Right away, the builders took the size of a dirigible into account. If there were something that large at the top of the building, the frame would be warped. To solve this problem, they had to spend over sixty thousand dollars to change the original framework, to a more suitable one. Another obsticle faced by the builders of the mast, was that they had made sharp edges on the building that could damage a drigible attempting to dock. Also, they realized that the mast was above a large urban area, so if there would be an accident, bad situations would take place. There was also a law about aircraft traveling too low over a City. The drigible mooring dock atop the Empire State Building was not meant to be.	3
The obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock is that a thousand-foot dirigibe moored at the top of the building would add stress to the building's frame. Also the stress of the dirigibe's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted. It would need to transmitted to the buildings foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened this would be over sixty thousand dollars.	2
"The builders of the empire state building faced many problems in attempting the dirigibles to dock there. Some of the most apparant reasons were because of what the dirigibles were made out of, weather conditions, and existing laws about airships flying over urban areas. Dirigibles were not made out of the safest materials, most were made with hydrogen, which is extremely flamible. This would make the docking Station unsafe if the dirigible ever caught on fire. If the dirigible were to ever get caught on fire, the accident would be very severe, since the Station would be over a densely populated area. In paragraph @NUM1, it says ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Due to the violent air currents atop the empire state building, the ship would swivel around the mooring mast, making it unsafe to dock there. If something happened to the dirigible, it would be unsafe for the many pedestrians below it. The last reason for the docking station not being built is in paragraph @NUM2 because of ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" It would be illegal for a dirigible to tie up to the docking station because of this law. This law is because of the high winds, fearing that they would blow the dirigible onto other buildings. The docking station was unable to be built because of safty reasons and existing laws."	4
They @CAPS1 A alot problem with people @CAPS2 about Airship on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 with the @ORGANIZATION1	1
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building had to overcome many obstacles in order for dirigibles to dock there. The builders had to figure out a way for the dirigibles to attach to the Empire State Building, in order for ""refueling or service, and to let passengers on and off"" (¶ 6). The builders also had to figure out a way to securly attach the mooring mast to the top of the building. According to the text, with a dirigible attached by only a single wire to the building, more stress would be added to the building's frame so they could not simply drop the mooring mast on top of the building Also because of this, the builders had to edit the foundation, so it would not collapes if a durigible was attached. Finally the builders needed to overcome the simple nature they did not the winds on top of the building were shifting constantly and they are in a densely populated city so if things went wrong, many people could be harmed"	2
"The architects of late 1920s and 1930s New York had plans to revolutionize @CAPS1, and put New York at the forefront of modern travel. However there wild ideas fell short to reality. In an attempt to outstrip the Chrysler Building, architect Al Smith added an unsecure mast to the top of the Empire State Building. The place where blimps, or dirigibles, could let on and off passengers and refule, had more hype than study. The biggest obstacle the builders faced was safety. Since most blimps outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, they were very flammable. If the German blimp ""Hindenburg"" had blown up above a more densely populated area than New Jersey, such as New York, the results would have been far more devastating. As paragraph @NUM1 states, if the mast were a success, the weather would prove to be fatal. Even if the ship were tethered to the mast, it would still swivel around. The U.S. Navy tried to tie up next to the mast-before a law was passed not allowing aircraft the fly so low-but the wind may their efforts futile. The architects of the 1920s and 1930s were thinking big, but some obstacles were too big to leap."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the very huge building. The first obstacle realized was the safety issues. Most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, which is extremely flammable. Another tough obstacle that would be hard to avoid, was nature in general, like the author mentioned. The winds currents at the top of the building were sporadic, and that could be a huge problem the dirigibles trying to dock. However, the biggest obstacle that builders never realized, was that it was even illegal. The height of the empire State Building was too low for an aircraft of any sort dock on. It could be a danger to the urban areas underneath. Those were the main obstacles which caused the mooring mast, to fail.	3
The builders didn't have a suitable landing area for the Dirigible, and if the Dirigible were to land on the Empire State Building's flat roof would add stress to the building. Money was one of the big issues the builders faced. In paragraph @NUM1 its saying that the greatest obstact was nature, The heavy winds on top of the building were shifting due to the violent air current. for the Dirigible itself would be swivel around the mooring mast, and for the safety of the people as well. Another obsticle was the law, that flying too low over urban areas were not allowed.	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", by @PERSON1, the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. First of all, they needed a suitable landing area, which was a Mooring Mast. But before building the mast, ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" Workers framed to the building all the way up to the 85th floor, But before the framing for the mast could take place, the roof had to be completed. Before advancing to the next stage of the project, the architects suddenly realized how dangerous and disasterous the result of it all could be. The ""Hindenburg"" set a good example on why they couldn't do it. The area around the building was too densely populated. The dirigible had a strong chance of resulting in a disaster over New York City, considering the violent air currents. The project was simply too risky, but was a great idea involving future transportation."	3
Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. The main problem was safety. When the front was masted to the building the back would move around. Another big problem was that the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, which is highly flammable. Also, it was illegal for airships to fly that low over urban areas. Another obstacle was that the dirigible could not get close enough to the building because of wind.	3
There were many obstacles which the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to construct a mast for docking dirigibles. One of the main reasons that the mast was never built was due to safety. Most of the foreign dirigibles ran on hydrogen and the builders did not want to risk another Hindenburg accident in the highly populated New York City. Nature also restricted the building of a dock. The winds on top of the Empire State Building were constantly changing because of violent air currents, another threat that the builders did not want to risk. Finally, there was a law that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas. There were many reasons why the mast was never constructed including safety issues, nature, and an existing law that prohibited low air travel over the city. In the end however, the building of a dirigible mast was neither practical nor safe, and the project was eventually dropped.	3
"Mooring dirigibles would not be good at all if they were being moored on top of the Empire State Building. One of the reasons that mooring a dirigible on the top of the building is most dirigibles that would come to this dock from outside the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium. The hydrogen is extremely flammable and after the Hindenburg exploded, it would be to unsafe to have a hydrogen filled dirigibles in a highly populated area such as New York City.Another obstacle that was being faced was a climate problem. This was the biggest problem. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" (paragraph @NUM1). If the winds were this rapid the back of the dirigible would be swinging around freely. This could potentially cause danger if the back was to hit a building near by or start swinging out of control and break loose from the building.The last problem that was faced based on the story is that docking a dirigibles would be against the law. The exsisting law stated that an airship couldn't fly to low over urban areas. If the dirigible was able to dock at the Empire State Building, it would be too low over an urban area. This made it impossible for the Empire State Building to have a dock for dirigibles."	4
"The problems the builders had in attempting to build the Empire State Building were first of all, the dirigible would have to be tied to the mast and the single cable tether would ""stress the buildings frame."" In paragraph @NUM1, the author says that the wind pressure and the weight of the dirigible could not be supported by the current foundation and so the frame would have to be made stronger and changed. The final problem was when ""Columbia"" delivered newspaper to the Empire State building. The mooring equipment was not installed because of previous problems with the design, laws and common sense used when making this building. The rest of the problems had to do with the obliviousness of reality due to the actual effectivness of the building."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building were challenged the obstacles of construction, safety, and nature that did not allow dirigibles to dock there. These dirigibles or blimps were large balloons that were capable of carrying passengers but needed a great landing area. In order for dirigibles to be used as transportation, architects needed to design a suitable mooring mast. However, the weight and pressure of a blimp on a mast would cause a large amount of stress to the building's frame. The builders of the Empire State building were faced with producing ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications"" to the building's framework. Not only was attempting blimps to dock there a lot of work and very costly, builders were challenge with safety issues. As experienced to the German blimp ""Hindenburg,"" dirigibles that use hydrogen are ""highly flammable."" If any incident occurred over the Empire State building in New York, involving a dirigible, it would affect the enormous population in the area by killing so many lives. Flying too low over the city was another challenge to safety that a law would make illegal and unsuccessful for blimps to be used. Lastly, nature was an obstacle the builders faced in docking dirigibles. At mast times, the ""forceful winds"" would cause the back of the ship swivel which could lead to it hitting the sharp spires and be punctured. Lead weights were also not safe when dangling over pedestrians. These obstacles made it difficult to create gear that would allow dirigibles to dock on the building."	4
Based on the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, there were many challenges the builders of the Empire State building faced while they had high hopes in creating the world's tallest building. They added on hundreds of feet allowing dirigibles to dock there. Competing with the Chrysler building, Al Smith announced that the Empire State building would reach 1,250 feet beating the Chrysler Building by @NUM1 feet. Al Smith was desprite to do whatever he could to construct the world's tallest building, even to create a landing spot for dirigibles. @ORGANIZATION2's idea didn't work out as planned. Instead, the @CAPS1 assigned to dirigible passengers was made into the world's highest soda fountain and tea garden.	0
During the times of the Empire State Building and it's claim to fame with height, it's @CAPS1 Al Smith, faced more than one obstacle with accomplishing the mooring mast's completion. From the very beginning of it's construction, the mooring mast was not properly thought out and did not have the proper design. Al Smith realized this even before he finalized the process of building. Once he finally did complete the mooring mast, he faced obstacles. The dirigibles had problems with docking, due to the wind and the elements, the dirigibles had a hard time staying stationary once docked. Another obstacle was fuel, due to the recent Hindenburg crash, dirigibles needed to be fueled with helium rather than the more flammable hydrogen. Finally, the laws that were in place about airships not being allowed to fly low over urban areas caused the mooring mast to fail. Eventually airplanes took the dirigibles position and the mooring mast was retired. Due to these obstacles, Al Smith gave up with the mooring mast but still helped the record for the highest building.	3
"During the construction of the mooring mast a top of the Empire State Building, the builders faced some obstacles. One obstacle that they faced was that they couldn't just ""drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building."" @CAPS1, they had to do some work on the building, so it could support it. As the @CAPS2 said, ""the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation"". Another obstacle the builders faced was that if there was an accident, like the Hindenburg, it would be much more dangerous, because there would be many more people nearby, who could get hurt by the fire. ""The greatest obstacle of the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself,"" said the @CAPS2. The wind currents above the building shifted due to ""violent air currents."" Also, dirigibles need to have weights attached at the back of them, but at the Empire State Building, these weights would be dangling high above pedestrians... neither practicle nor safe"". The other obstacle was that blimps couldn't get close enough to the mast, due to the wind, like the Los angeles. Due to all of these obstacles, the mooring mast hasn't been used since."	4
While building the Empire state building people had to go through some obstacle to have it the way they want. They wanted Dirigibles to be able land/bord on the Empire state building. One of there obstacles was the use in New York City and a lack of suitable landing area. The other obstacle was a good one. The use of Dirigibles for the mooring mast was successful.	1
"Even though allowing dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building sounds like a good idea, it wasnt. There are many obstacles that prevent it from happening. With ""a @DATE1 ft dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame"" (paragraph @NUM1). Also one of the greatest obstacles as the violent winds that constantly change due to violent air currents. Also, the dirigible would be dangling above pedestrians on the street which isn't safe. The biggest obstacle was the fact that it's illegal for airships of flying low over urban areas which would also make it illegal for the dirigible to tie itself up to the building or even get close to it. This sounds like a great idea and a great way to get more tourists, but there are too many obstacles to make it realistic."	3
"In theory, the idea of creating a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building was a great idea. However in reality, it didn't turn out so well. There are many reasons why a dirgible could not be docked to the Empire State Building. For example: ""Most dirgibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen instead of Helium"" (paragraph @NUM1) This was dangerous because hydrogen is extremely flammable, and if for some reason an accident occurred, it could be catastrophic over a densely populated city like New York. Possibly the most dangerous obstacle was the climate around the Empire State Building. There is a constant powerful wind that shifts a lot due to all the different air currents the building creates. If a dirigible docked there, it would be blowing all over the place, if it could even dock at all. Most dirigibles that were moored in open fields were weighted down with lead weights in the back, but this would be too dangerous to try over a city teeming with people. Lastly, there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas... this would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" (paragraph @NUM2)."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems with their idea of docking dirigibles on the top of the empire state building. One major impediment was the laws based around aircrafts. one law @CAPS1 air crafts from flying too low over urban areas. another problem the builders faced was the safety risks to docking dirigibles. Dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, an extremely flamable gas, and after the accident with the German dirigible Hindenburg explosion the builders realized the risk of accidents. Mother nature @CAPS2 the largest obstacle through, the height of the Empire State Building causes high speed winds which would fling the end of any dirigible around the mooring like a rag doll. The builders then realized all the risks to docking dirigibles and abandoned the idea.	3
When constructing a mooring mast, @CAPS1 ran into many problems. Safety was the main problem/concern they ran into. Since most blimps outside of the @LOCATION1 were hydrogen not helium, they were very flammable. After Hindenburg blimp was destroyed by a fire, people in @CAPS1 feared that would happen by the empire state building. Another problem they ran into was the law. At that time, it was the law that you couldn't fly an airship that low over urban areas. When tested, some blimps couldnt get close enough because of the heavy winds. This made it impossible to tie blimps up and let people off It also made people fear that the wind would blow the blimp onto sharp parts of other building which would put a hole in the blimp It was a good idea, but there were just to many obstacles they had to go around to make the blimp docking station and mooring mast successful.	4
"There were many obstacles the builders faced when trying to allow Dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One of the obstacles was nature. The winds at the top of the Empire State building were always shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around. Another obstacle builders faced was a law not allowing airships to fly too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ""ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach it."	2
The main obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there stemmed from the bad location. The dirigibles would be docking 1,250 feet above one of the busiest cities in the world. This would create three problems for the docking of the dirigibles. The first problem is hydrogen is what was used in dirigibles and it is extremely flammable. If a dirigible were to explode above downtown New York many people would be killed. This means not many people are going to want the dirigibles docking there. If the Empire State Building had not been above such a densely populated area they may have not had this problem. The next difficulty would be the fact that at that altitude in New York City there are violent wind currents that are always changing. This makes it hard for the conductors to dock the dirigible and it also could possibly cause the dirigible to hit something and pop. So again the dirigible is falling into downtown New York and killing many people. This is another reason it was a bad location. It needed to be in a place where there were more stable wind currents. The final obstacle was there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This meant that even if the other to factor disappear there was a law the builders should have known about that forbade their plans. Like the author said the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the main obstacles was, the lack of a good landing area. Dirigibles were pretty big and there wasn't a great spot for it. ""Some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as flour blocks in New York City""- paragraph 6. therefore caused problems to the builders to figure out where to put it."	2
"Although the builders tried hard to make their dream become a reality, there were a few obstacles that prevented that. The main obstacles builders faced were weather, the law, and safety concerns.The weather at the top of the building was very windy, and strong winds would cause major issues for the dirigibles landing. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Another problem they faced was that there was a law effect preventing aircraft from flying too low over urban areas. Since New York is an urban area, no dirigibles would even be allowed to fly anywhere near the Empire State Building. The other main obstacle was a concern for safety. Hydrogen, which is extremely flammable, was used in many foreign dirigibles. It could cause a catastrophe if one ever exploded over New York, and there had already been an accident where ""the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937...""These obstacles were not just ones that the builders could ignore, and they ultimately prevented the intended use altogether."	3
The architects who built the mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building had many problems with actually docking any dirigibles there. When they @CAPS1 building the idea of being able to dock blimps on the top of a building was revolutionary and ideal. But they had many issues with safety, weather and laws. One issue with safety was that the gas inside the dirigibles, hydrogen, is highly flammable. One accident could harm hundreds of people in New York's streets. The wind on top of the building was also very strong. Making it difficult for any blimp to get in close enough. the last difficulty  that the builders had was laws. There were certain laws not allowing air ships to fly too low over high populated urban areas. While their mooring mast seemed like a good idea to start out with, sadly it never got much use.	3
"Based on the information given in the excerpt, the obsticals that the builders of the Empire State Building had to face were critical to the usage of the dock. Not only is it a challenge to build 102 story building but when factoring in wind and other weather conditions it is not an easy task: In order for the builders of the Empire State Building to create and hoist the dock the top they needed to first reinforce the skeleton of the building itself. ""The Architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" (paragraph @NUM1) @CAPS1 constructing the mooring mast the builders had to think about the violent wind speeds and the structure of the building to support itself. There were many obsticals that the builders of the Empire State Building had to work through to complete their project."	2
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.  The first obstacle the builders faced was that the building itself would need to be modified.  The architects in charge of adding the mooring mast realized that if they were to add the mast as-is, and start mooring dirigibles to it, then there would be too much stress put on the empire state buildings frame.  For this reason they first had to make @MONEY1 worth of changes to the building in order to sufficiently strengthen it's frame (paragraph @NUM1).  The second obstacle which builders faced in trying to make it possible to more dirigibles to a mast on the empire state building was just general safety.  After the hindenburg disaster of 1937 took place, it became clear to the architect in charge of the project how truly catastrophic an accident like that would of been if it occurred over as highly populated a place as @CAPS1 (paragraph @NUM2).  It wasn't just possibility of catastrophic disaster which added to the worry about safety though.  Considering the constant violent wind gusts which happen at the height of the mast, architects realized that any dirigible moored up there would be constantly swinging rapidly around the mast.  The way this problem is solved when mooring dirigibles on ground is through the hanging of weights on it's back, yet this would present yet another safety issue because of the weight was to fall on the people below it could easily kill somebody (paragraph @NUM3).  The final obstacle architects faced was a law outlawing a dirigible flying so low near urban areas in the first place.  In the end, the fact that there was so many obstacles prevented the idea of mooring dirigibles there from ever becoming reality at all.	4
Their were many obstacles builder face while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State building. The first problem they faced was safety. Alot of dirigible especialy those from out side the unitestates used hydrogen which is highly @CAPS1. So this was not safe in a place with a big number of population like down town New York to have a dirigible fly that low. It is not safe because In case of an accident there could be a large amount of deaths. The second ob stacle the builders faced was that the winds on the top were constantly blowing and could not allow the dirigible to stable in one place. Instead it would just go around and around the mast. The third and last obstacle that the builders faced was the law. There was a law that did not allow air ships to fly too low over urban areas. So It was illegal for a ship to be tied on the Empire state building.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there because dirigibles had a top speed of eighty miles per hour. The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mass. Also the body of the dirigibles they could swing in the breeze, and yet passengers could safely get on and off.	1
The building of the Empire State building was a project which faced many obstacles. Due to the additional plan of building a mooring mast at the top of the building, A series of challenges and possibilities were forced to be taken into consideration. Firstly, the addition of a mooring mast to the top of the building, would significantly weigh down the building, adding stress to its frame. Because of this, over @MONEY1 worth modifications would have to be made to enforc the building's frame and stabilize it is a whole. Laws and regulations about how high airships could hoover over urban areas also restricted the use of the mast as because the building was located in the middle of a city, a densely populated area with thousands of pedestrians below, it was clearly neither practical, nor safe. Furthermore, Nature itself was the greatest obstacle to the success of the mast as because many foreign dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, this risked a fire hazzard. Lastly, strong winds and violent air currents all in all prevented the construction of the mast, as using the top of the building as a dock for airships maybe just a bit far fetched.	4
There were many obstacles that the workers had to overcome to succeed in the process of the mast. They had to figure out how they were going to land the big aircraft on the small framed building. Also the workers needed to figure out a way to safely get the passengers on and off the aircraft while the tail was whipping around in the air. They needed to talk and consult with the U.S. Naval Air station because they were leaders in research of the dirigibles. Another obstacle the workers had to overcome was the law against low flying aircraft in @ORGANIZATION3. So those are some obstacles that the constructors of the mast had to overcome to build the mast upon the Empire State building in @LOCATION1	2
"Being an architect and construction worker is one of the hardest jobs in the world, especially at an elevation of @NUM1 feet. Building the Empire State building was no easy task. An even more challenging task was building a mooring mast, a docking area for dirigibles, on top of the Empire State Building. Since the building had a flat roof, ""architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building."" Architects had to build an extension in the shape of a rocket jutting out from the flat roof. The Architects also realized that having a single cable at the top of the extension to hook onto the dirigible, would add tremendous stress to the building. They had to find a way to ease the stress to the building's foundation. Although the architects faced challenges they did overcome them and planned to put their ideas into action."	2
The builders of the Empire State building were having many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Their first problem was that they could not drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire state building. Mainly because it's only held by a single tether, and because it would add stress to the buildings frame. Another @CAPS1 is that the wind speeds were so much greater in the top of the building that it pushed the dirigibles away from the docking station. Also, most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen rather than helium to stay aloft, and hydrogen is extremely flammable. For the creators of the building, The idea just seemed unpractical, a dirigible would be to hard to keep in one place dangling @NUM1 feet in the air above New York City.	3
"In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, she describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph Four it says, ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" This would mean that there was not much room for the dirigibles when it was not in year. In paragraph sixteen it says, ""The U.S Navy dirigible Los Angeles approach to the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds"". This means that weather could make traveling dirigibles very dangerous."	2
"In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building some obastacles they faced were challenging. One name they called the dirigibles in the @DATE1's was ""Transportation of the Future"". There was also an existing law against airships flying to low over open areas. The builders had to make lots of changes to make this perfect and get it the way they want it. Safty was the most important, most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen instead of using helium. Although hydrogen is highly flammable, they still used it. In addition ""The highest open observation deck, Intended for disembarking passengers, has never been open to the public"". And to this day is not open for the public to use."	2
Although they made a valiant effort to make a seemingly ingenious idea into reality, the obstacles faced by the constructors of the Empire State Building in creating a dock for dirigibles proved to be insurmountable. One of the challenges faced by the builders was the tumutuous winds at the top of the Empire State Building. These forceful gales made it virtually impossible to manuever a dirigable at that elevation, much less dock it to a building. Another barrier that the architects faced was the fact that there was a law saying that airships were forbidden from flying too close to the ground above urban areas. This meant that it would be even illegal for any dirigable even come close to the Empire State Building. Finally, the creators of the Empire State Building faced the challenge of safety: @CAPS1 are filled with highly flammable hydrogen, and an airship explosion over a density populated urban area would have horrific results.	3
The builders faced many problems attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building.  First of all, tying a dirigible with one cable would add tremendous weight to the frame of the building.  In order for this to be possible, the steel frame of the Empire state building would have to be strengthened which would add an additional cost of @MONEY1.  After the mast was built, the Empire state building faced new problems as well.  Most dirigibles used hydrogen which was highly flammable.  After what happened to the Hindenburg, the architects knew that the results would have been much worse in a densely populated area such as New York City.  Another problem was that it was too risky to have a big dirigible hanging above pedestrians a few thousand feet in the air.  The law also hindered Al Smith's idea.  The law stated that airships were prohibited from flying too low over urban areas.  When the dirigible Los Angeles attempted a trial, builders found that the wind blew too high for the dirigible and they feared it would fly into nearby buildings.  The idea of dirigibles was soon forgotten and gave way to airplanes.	3
When building the Empire State Building, builders faced many obstacles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. From the reading excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted stated that dirigibles were as long as one thousand feet, tha't four blocks in New York City. This brought up the first obstacle, which is they have no where to land this thing. They couldn't put it above new york because of an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Architects also had to find a way to redesign the building so that it support the weight of the dirigible. The biggest obstecle, they faced was nature. The winds at the top of the building were constantly changing and although it would be tied down to the building the back of it would still be swirling, they didn't have a way to fix that, because usually dirigibles were weighed down with cylinder blocks in an open field and it would be to risky to do that over a populated area.	3
Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles durring construction. While designing the mast the architects realized they couldn't just drop the mooring mast on to the Empire State building as this would add stress to the buildings fram. So the building would have to be modified and strengthened to withhold these conditions. Then the builders ran into a problem with safety, the winds on top of the building were violent and constantly shifting. This would cause the dirigible to swivel around the mast. They the decided to add lead weights to weigh the dirigible down but, having those dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe. Lastley, existing laws against airships flying low over urban areas made it illegal to complete their goal. Overall the planning of the empire state building had many difficulties.	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, Lüsted addresses many of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They had to make many adjustments to the building's framework, the safety of the dirigibles was dangerous, and nature itself posed as a huge obstacle for the builders.First, the architects realized that they could not drop a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building because of the stress it would add to the building's framework. As Lüsted states, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" The architects then had to make adjustments which would strengthen the building to allow the docking of the dirigibles. These improvements cost the architects @MONEY1!The second obstacle faced by the builders was the safety of the dirigibles. At the time most of the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen which was highly flammable. The architects saw how dangerous this could be when they witnessed the destruction of the German Hindenburg blimp. If the same thing was to happening in New York, which is a densely populated area, it could cause serious damage.Another obstacle the builders faced when trying to dock the dirigibles on the Empire State Building was nature. The winds at the top of the Empire State Building were constantly shifting which would cause the blimp to be very unstable. The blimp is usually weighted down by lead weights but in New York this would not be safe he cause they would be dangling above pedestrians. The many obstacles faced by the architects caused the docking of the blimps to be unsuccessful."	4
Right now I going to tell us Some of the obtacles the builders of the Empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, In paragraph @NUM1, the architects were blind to the potential problems of the mast because Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Second, in paragraph @NUM2 the greatest obstacle to this successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Third, in paragraph @NUM3, the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This is why never was completed the mooring mast (dirigible) for this serious obstacles to put this in the Empire state building.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was a mooring mast would add to much stress to the building's frame. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with a multitude of problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, the building frame had to be strengthened. The weight of ""the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" This meant that the building's frame had to be modified, which costed @NUM1 dollars. Next, it proved to dangerous to dock dirigibles to the sumputous sky-scraper. After the Hindenburg caught fire, ""the owners of the @ORGANIZATION2 realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area."" In accordance with this danger, there was a lot existing at the time which prohibited dirigibles from flying low over urban areas. Lastly, the largest obstacle engineers try to overcome was simply nature itself. Winds at the top of the building made dirigibles almost impossible to land. Both the Columbia and the Los Angeles tried to dock to the mast but could not battle the wind. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building could not get a dirigible to dock at their tower."	4
"The obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was dificult. The builder met with experts to better understand the way the dirigibles work. He also was told that architects couldn't put a mooring mast on top because of the buildings flat roof. Paragraph nine States a thousand-foot dirigible- held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame."" The stress would then be passed all the way down to the buildings foundation, nearly eleven hundred feet below. The builder put over sixty thousand dollars' worth of changes into the building. After all that time and money he was told that the plan would have to fall through. The dirigibles greatest obstacle was the wind, if it moved in the air that could be a problem. Although this plan didnt work, its still 1,250 ft and taller than the Chrysler building."	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast,"" a historical article by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it is made clear that there were at least three obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. These issues were the building's pre-existing frame, fire safety, and nature itself. The plans for the Empire State Building had not intended a mooring mast to be dropped on the roof of the building. As a result, architects had to change their entire plan: ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation,"" (par. @NUM1). This was a significant difficulty. Also a concern for foreign dirigibles was that the gas the use made fire safety and issue: ""... the owners... realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area,"" (par. @NUM2). Getting around the fire hazard would be impossible. Finally, as stated in the article, nature was the mast's greatest obstacle. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast,"" (par. @NUM3). The violent winds kept much from happening with the mast. With the three aforementioned obstacles, the fate of the Empire State Building's mooring mast was grim. It would never do what Al Smith had intended for it."	3
"In the story ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders needed more support for the building's framework. They had to use over sixtey thousand dollars to buy correct modification. Lack of a suitable landing area. There are alot of obstacles for the dirigibles.The builders needed more support for the building's framework. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame"" (@ORGANIZATION2, para @NUM1). They had to use over sixty thousand dollars to buy modifications for the stressed frame. ""Over sixty-thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"" (@ORGANIZATION2, para @NUM1). There was a lack of suitable landing area. ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area"" (@ORGANIZATION2, para 6).In the story ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, this is how the builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
Throughout the story workers of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacles they faced was trying to ge a thousend foot drigible mooring at the top of the building. This was held together by a single cable tether and that would add stress to the buildings frame. All the dirigible's load and wind pressure had to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, but that was eleven hundred feet below. Another obstacle is that hydrogen in the dirigible was highly flammable. If a dirigible was ever destroyed it would kill a lot of people because the Empire State Building is in downtown New York. The greatest obstacle was that the winds at the top of the building were constantly changing so would be very difficult to land. The last obstacle was it was against the law for airships to fly too low in urban areas.	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow drigibles to dock there was that he realized that he was close to losing the title of world's tallest building, also Some of his opinions were proven wrong because of facts. Another obstacle was trying to accomplish everything he says he was going to do On time. He needed to react more realistic than what he was thinking Of doing. Most obstacles had to do with ""nature itself."" Such as the wind which would make it swivel around."	1
"The Mooring Mast, authored by @PERSON1, presents two main obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. The first problem was the uncontrollable factor of mother nature. With high speed air currents would cause ""the back of the ship to swivel around and around the mooring mast."" If the dirigible was unable to dock correctly, the dangers would be the fact it was ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street, (which) was neither practical nor safe."" Another problem the builders encountered was the already existing law that made sure airships don't fly too low over cities. The author notes, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" Because of mother nature and pre-existing legislature, the builders of the Empire State Building had to overcome enigmatic problems."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building had a lot of struggles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, they had to consult with experts to see if the equipment was safe enough. They took tours of the equipment and mooring operations at the @ORGANIZATION2 at Lakehurst, New Jersey. Next, they had a hard time dropping the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. They would have to us @MONEY1 worth of modifications to strengthen the building's framework. They were never going to have this happen in the first place, because of the safety issue, the hydrogen gas in the dirigible is highly flammable. The biggest issue though, was nature. The winds on top of the building made it very hard to work, and it got very violent.	3
"New technology, especially in aviation,requires work to be done, thus causing many obstacles to overcome. In order to make this mooring mast on the Empire State building a success, the builders would need to know how to keep the dirigible hooked to the building and able to set passengers on and off. A quote from the text supporting this would be ""A mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on"". (6). But the passengers were not the only obstacle the builders had to surpass. The stress a dirigible would put on the building would be too great, meaning they also had to remodel the actual building. The text supports this with, ""the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" (@NUM1). Even with all these modifications, however, the mooring mast was doomed to failure for reasons the builders could not fix."	2
"Competitive architect Al Smith wanted the Empire State Building to be the tallest most unique building. ""Their top, they said, would serve a higher calling"" (@NUM1). The Building was supporting the age of transportation by dirigible. Al Smith commented ""It's on the level, all right. No kidding. We're working on the thing now"" (@NUM2). In reality the architects were blind to the potential problems of the mast. There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One great reason was safety. If any dirigibles from outside the United States used to the mast it could be highly flammable due to using hydrogen rather helium. Another reason was nature itself. Shifting winds due to violent air currents made it dangerous as the back of the ship would twist around the mooring mast. Most importantly an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. That law would then make it illegal for a ship to ever tied to a building. By the late 1930s dirigibles, instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building where faced with some obstacles in order to allow dirigibles to dock there. Saftey was the main focus because New York is a densly populated area and many dirigibles where filled with highly flameable hydrogen.One problem was that the builders relized the dirigible would be hanging by a single cable teather wich would add stress to the frame so they would need to adjust the building and strengthen the the frame. This costed over sixty thousand dollars to adjust. After that was taken care of the builders still had other problems.Another problem the builders faced was that since the building was in a highly populated area many pedestrians walk, below where the dirigibles would be docked. The winds at the top would cause the dirigible to blow around and lead weights could not be used because of the dangers of them falling	3
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced were nature and safety. Safety played a large role in the building of the Empire State Building. Two main safety conserns were getting passengers safely on and off dirigibles and the substances they were filled with. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable,"" (paragraph @NUM1). The next obstacle the builders faced was nature. The wind speeds would shift due to violent air currents, causing the dirigibles to swivel around. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast,"" (paragraph @NUM2). Due to nature and safety issues, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles allowing dirigibles to dock there."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced more problems than expected to. One of the first problems they faced was the building's frame could not support an enormous dirigible. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation... over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework"" (@NUM1). The builders were forced to modify the framework which cost a large amount of money, and proved to be a primary obstacle. Another obstacle the builders faced was the wind caused by nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@NUM1). These winds could potentially make the back of the blimps swivel around the mooring mast, making it incredibly difficult or dangerous to get on or off of the dirigibles. Finally, the builders faced the problem of laws against airships flying too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (@NUM3). If ships could not even legally approach the building, the builders realized, the obstacles were too great for the mooring mast to work. After realizing all the problems and dangers associated with this idea, they decided the mooring mast would never be successful."	4
Dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the future. They were much better than the balloons. In new York City, there was a lack of suitable landing areas for the dirigibles. Now this would be a good idea for the Empire State Building. Landing on the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or other services. The architects could not just drop a mooring mast on top of the building. The dirigible is thousand-foot long. It would add stress to the building's frame. Engineers soon designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower. The mast had four wings at its corners. The building is now 102 floors. Floors @NUM1 and 102 were for the observation area to double as the boarding area for the dirigible passengers. Workers celebrate framing the entire building after two months. Now people lost their hope. It's because the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was never to fulfill its purpose. It was never safe nor practical. The buiders faces so many obstacles.	1
Turning the mast on the Empire State Building into a dock for dirigibles had many obstacles. There were obstacles like flamable gas in the dirigibles, dangerous to be near a densely populated area, the wind were constantly shifting due to air currents, and it would be dangling high above pedestrians. These obstacles were very difficult to solve.      In the dirigibles, there are filled with hydrogen, and hydrogen is highly flamable if the dirigibles caught on fire. It is also dangerous to be above a very densely populated area because if the dirigible ever failed, it would fall on inocent bystanders. It also is dangerous because the winds shift a lot, and it can get popped by other objects or buildings around the dirigible. Thus, why it is difficult to turn the mast into a loading dock for dirigibles.         Turning the mast on the Empire State Building into a loading dock for dirigibles is very difficult to do because it is not safe.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles when having dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle for example was landing. New York lacked a suitable landing area for a dirigible. Architects couldn't just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. Also, safety was a problem. A German dirigible was destroyed by fire. The owners of the Empire State Building realized how the accident could've been worse, especially in New York. Even nature was an obstacle. Winds were constantly shifting on top of the building. So lead weights were used for the dirigible which wasn't safe, because they were dangling over pedestrians. There was a law that airships couldn't fly too low over urban areas.	3
"While designing a dirigible docked at the top of the Empire State building, the architects and engineers encountered many obstacles. Being such an immense project, these obstacles came naturally. The first obstacle was purely architectural. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building... would add stress to the building's frame."" The architects would have to redesign the building frame in order for the building to last. The two other obstacles should have been clear from the start; the first, being nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Now, the dock not only would be hard to reach, but extremely unsafe. The last obstacle couldn't have been overcome by the architects or engineers if they tried, not legally anyway. ""... existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" would also restrict the project, and actually stop it alltogether. Clearly, some large deciding factors had been overlooked while designing the moor. @ORGANIZATION2's competitive attitude made this so, but ""The Mooring Mast... was never destined to fulfill its purpose."""	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1 building faced obstacles in attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that it would add stress to the building's frame. To accommodate the stress sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications, and strengthening would have to be done. Another obstacle was that dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is flammable. if something like the German Hindenburg being destroyed by fire was to happened in New York the consequences would be much worse. Also, the wind would be an obstacle as well. It would cause the back of the ship to swivel all around the mooring mast. One of the most overlooked obstacles was that of the law against airships flying too low over urban areas, and it was illegal for the ship to even tie up to the building. Clearly many obstacles to place in the attempts to allow dirigible to dock on the Empire State Building.	4
During construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, the builders @CAPS1 many challenges. If they had just put a spire on top of the building. the weight of a dirigible could destroy it. The construction team needed to go back and reinforce the entire framework of the building. other obstacles in their way included low-flying aircraft laws, difficult weather conditions, and safety (if the derigible crashed over New York). For all these reasons the mooring mast was doomed from the start.	2
"Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstactles in allowing drigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the safety of New York people. They could have used hydrogen and the dirigible could have caught on fire and landed somewhere bad. As said in paragraph @NUM1, ""The greatest obstacle to the succesful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of violent air currents. Even if they were tethered to the mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mast Another was there is a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The idea of using the mooring mast had quietly disappeared."	3
The buiders faced many obstacles. They could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat surface it took alot of stress and hard work. The dirigible was held by a single cable tether and the dirigible was about a thousand feet. That made the builders very stressed and made them think clearly and carefully about the wind pressure and also the dirigibles load.	2
Dirigibles, blimps, were being hailed as the transportation of the future in the 1920s. They had a top speed of eighty miles per hour, and they could cruise at seventy miles per hour for thousands of miles without needing refueling.One obstacle the builders faced was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith spotted the opportunity for his Empire State building. He was to add a mooring mast to the top of the building, thus allowing dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service. Also, it would let people off and on.The problem with this was that the builders couldn't just set the mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof if a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the structure, held by a single cable tether, it would add stress to the buildings frame.	2
The builders of the empire state building @CAPS3 many different obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 was to be able to design the mast without having to reconstruct a big part of the building. Also a big aspect of it was that they had to face was to be able to make it safe. These big dirigibles can be very flammable and having something that major in a very populated city like new york would be very risky and unsafe. The last problem they @CAPS3 was nature. Of course you canot change nature so this was a problem was there since the beggining but was probably overlooked or never even thought about. So this really never would of been able to suscesfuly work without any problems.	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there. The dirigibles also called blimps were very big, this was a problem because they were to large and could not get to the building and ""most dirigible outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (par. @NUM1) This is bad because an accident could occur and the blimp could explode right over the city and hurt thousands of people The winds above the building were sometimes violent and it was hard for dirigibles to reach it, ""Even if the dirigible tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" (par. @NUM2) It was difficult attempting to allow dirigibles dock the Empire State Building. The purpose in which the top of the building was created could not be used because it was to dangerous."	3
"The biggest and most obvious obstacles of attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building were the factors of safety, nature and the city's law concerning low-flying airships. According to the article The Mooring Mast by @PERSON1 the greatest safety risk was that most blimps made/operated outside the U.S ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (paragraph @NUM1) @CAPS1 a hydrogen filled dirigible to float above densely populated @ORGANIZATION2 would have been to dangerous of a risk. In 1937 a hydrogen blimp did catch fire, and the outcome was disastrous; owners of the Empire State knew another accident like that above New York would have been much worse. In higher altitudes winds increase, and the winds atop the Empire State would cause the blimp's tail end to spend about. Normally the tail end would be weighted down, but weights hanging above the city isn't safe either. During one of the two failed attempt: at docking of the building the winds were too fierce for the dirigible to even get close to the building. The capitan of the blimp feared ""... that the wind would blow with the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area..."" (paragraph @NUM2) and that could put a hole in the blimp. Lastly, a law in New York City states that airships can't fly below a specific altitude, thus making the docking of a dirigible on top of the Empire State illegal. Many apparent obstacles were over looked in the planning of the Empire State Building's blimp dock."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle was that it was very dangerous to have a hydrogen (highly flammable) filled dirigible dock over one of the most densely populated areas at the time. They could not let the accident that had happened in Lakehurst, New Jersey happen in New York: ""..., The owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" The greatest obstacle was due to natural causes: ""The winds on top of the building were consular shifting due to violent air currents."" The dirigible would not be able to stay steady for docking or unloading. Other ideas to solve this problem like weights were, ""neither practical or safe."" The final obtacle was the law. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". As shown, It was simply impossible for dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building because of natural causes, danger, and the law itself."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem was the structure of the building, after the mast was designed they needed a building that could withstand the stress of the mast. ""Rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornametation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower. They were able to overcome that obstacle. Another obstacle was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium"" @CAPS1 obstacles did that bring? Well, hydrogen is highly flammable. When a German dirigible was destroyed by a fire in New Jersey, the owners of the ""Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area. The obstable brought upon another obstacle of practicality. Dirigibles customarily landed in open fields. ""The greatest obstacle to successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building made it unsafe the only solution would be tethering the dirigible and weighing down the back with lead weights but using these at the building ""dangling high over pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe"". Architects faced many obstacles."	4
"Marcia Amidon Lüsted, in her excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigables to dock there. One obstacle they would have to faced was realized during the designing of the mast that would be put on top of the building for docking. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" (¶ @NUM1) They found that a dirigible docked on top of the building would add too much stress to the building's fram. Therefore, their first obstacle was to make modifications that would strengthen the building's framework. However, as Lüsted points out in paragraph @NUM2, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Due to rough air currents at the top of the building, the winds would constantly be shifting making even a dirigible tethered to the mast sway around. Another issue was the question of how to weight the dirigables down. In open landing fields, they would weight dirigables down with lead weights. Using extremely heavy weights while being above hundreds of people on the streets would not be acceptable. In conclusion, as one can see, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigables to dock there."	3
"Builders of the Empire State Building faceD many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. When designing the mast, they didn't realize that the mast ""would add stress to the building's frame"" and in order to fix this problem, they would have to pay ""over sixty thousand Dollars' worth"" for modifications for the building's framework.      Another problem they encountereD, besides the fact that there was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas,"" ""the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting."" This did not allow dirigibles to be able to get close enough to dock, in fear that the ""wind would blow the dirigible onto sharp spires,"" which would damage the dirigible's shell.      An alternate problems faceD by builders was realized when the Hindenburg was destroyeD in New Jersey, due to the fact that ""hydrogen is extremely flammable."" They realized how unsafe it be to have an accident like that ""above a densely populateD area."" AnD so, builders were forceD to stop their work."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced two obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle was the forceful winds. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even tethering the dirigible to the mooring mast would cause the back of the ship to swivel dangerously around the mooring mast. The second obstacle was due to an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even approach the area.	3
The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. By allowing the dirigibles to dock there, They had to build @CAPS2 planfronts on the side of the building, which means that they would be putting there life's in danger. They also had to deal with the electrical  problems within and without the building. The @CAPS1 on the outsides of the building would have to deal with the strong wind currents. They also have to make sure that the electrical system was working properly. If there were to be a stark of any sort of Fire, the hydrogen and helium were extremely flameable, and if a wire were too short, it could like the whole dirigible aflame and it would blow up.	2
"In the article ""The mooring mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. The obstacle the builders of the empire state building faced in @CAPS1 to Allow dirigible to dock there because people they was not gonna be safety. ""The owner of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown new york"". Another example why the builder faced in @CAPS1 to Allow dirigibles to dock there because ""open landing field could be weighted dow in in the back with lead weight, dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe"". The empire states was not very safe. This is why the builders of the empire state building faced in @CAPS1 to allow dirigible to dock there."	2
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in allowing dirigibles to dock there are many, mainly it is a safety concern. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"", stated the article. ""They would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street [which] was neither practical nor safe."" This shows the dirigibles are inpractable and a danger to both the people in it and the people on the street below."	1
The greatest obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was one of safety. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937 the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated areas such as downtown New York. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other practical reason why dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over your ring areas. The wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell, the captain could not even take his hands off the control levers.	3
"In the story ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, There were many problems to face to allow dirigibles to dock ontop of the empire state building. These obstacles composed of the dirigibles themselves, natures winds, and laws that prevent dirigibles being allowed to dock. Some dirigibles from outside the state used hydrogen, a flammable gas, and could cause mass destruction to New York City due to being about the same length as four blocks, in New York City."" Wind caused the dirigibles to swivel around even after being tied down. Since there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."", doing so could cause the captain of the dirigible to be arrested."	3
Dirigible docking would have been a great addition to the Empire State Building. There were many obsticles the architects had to go through to complete this goal. The building wasn't strong enough. If they had tied a dirigible to the top of the original Empire state bilding, it would have pulled the building untill it feel over. The architects had to upgrade the frame so it was safe. Now that the frame was safe they had to worry about the dirigible itself. If only one end of the dirigible was tied to the mast the other end would blow in the wind. This would make unloding cargo and people very hard. Also dirigibles could catch fire, which wasn't safe. for the people on the ground. In the and it just wasn't safe to dock a dirigible at the Empire State Building.	3
The obstacles the builders faced was mainly safety. Safety was important because of how many people there are in New York. Another problem was the dirigibles outside the United States were hydrogen instead of helium. At such a high height the wind is very strong and the blimps are only being held by the front while the back would swing uncontrolably. A blimp can easily be blown into a close building's sharp spires and pop because of winds. There are alot of things that could go wrong at any time, so I think the right decision was to stop the idea of the mooring mast.	2
Well the dirigibles were airships flying to low over the city and over urban areas. Also the U.S @ORGANIZATION2 approached the mooring mast to tie up but the winds were to forceful. also a Goodyear Blimp Columbia. Attempted a publicity stunt where it tied up and deliver a bundle of newspapers.	1
The Empire State Building faced alot promblems before it came out as an @ORGANIZATION1.  They scared that other people will destroy this Building.  So the reduced the dirigibles to dock there. They wanted their city to become a famous city and get more money. And other problem the some people didn't care and postpone to later.	0
"During the construction of the empire state building builders faced many obstacles with attempting to allow a dirigible to dock there. These problems consisted of safety and practical isshues. one safety isshue was that most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. hydrogen was more flammable than helium. This led to the hindenburg a german airship to be destroyed by fire. ""most dirigibels from outside the United States uses hydrogen rather that helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" The builders also had practical isshues such as it was illegal to fly a airship to low low over a city. ""the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This made it illegal for a ship to even tie up to the building."" These obstacles stopped the hops landing on a building."	3
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to let the dirigibles dock there. One obstacle the builders faced was the ""lack of a suitable landing area."" (paragraph six) A second obstacle is the amount of stress a dirigible would put onto the building. As the author states in paragraph nine, ""the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation."" The author also states that in order for the invention to work out, the Empire State building's steel frame would have to have more strength to it and it would have to be modified to accommodate the new idea. The greatest obsticle faced was due to the nature of where the building was located. Because of the location, the winds were so strong and the wind shifted constantly. The last obsticle the builders faced was ""a law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" By the late nineteen thirtie's, the idea landing dirigibles on the Empire State Building disappeared. Instead, the idea of air transportation was given to airplanes."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that most dirigibles from Outside of the United States used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When a German dirigible was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized it would be much more dangerous in a crowded area. A second obstacle was that the dirigible with be swivelling around the mast because of violent air currents. The dirigible would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, which is definitely not safe. A third obstacle was that there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. Thankfully, by the late 1930s, the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles had quickly disappeared, and the builders had no more obstacles to face.	4
"In the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 builders must faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow the dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. In paragraph @NUM1 of the excerpt it states, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" The stress of the wind and dirigible's weight would have to be transmitted to the foundation of the building, about eleven hundred feet below. In paragraph @NUM2 of the excerpt it states, ""most dirigibles... used hydrogen rather than helium, and the hydrogen is highly flammable."" If another disaster happened like the Hindenburg (which was destroyed by fire) in an area heavily populated like New York, above a large building with many people, it would be a thousand times worse. The winds above the Empire State Building were constantly changing because of violent air currents. This left the designers to deal with the problem of a dirigible swinging around the mooring mast. In the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2 the builders faced so many obstacles that they eventually abandoned the project."	3
Builders had many obstacles to overcome when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One obstacle was the lack of suitable landing area. This obstacle did not stop Al Smith, he saw this as an oppertunity to add a mooring mast at the top of the building so dirigibles could anchor there. This idea caused another obstacle, a mooring mast could not possibley be dropped on top of the roof of the building. The stress of the load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. With this the steel frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened costing @MONEY1 just to change the framework. In the end this mooring mast to dock dirigibles never came through and archetects should have seen the potential problems in the beginning.	3
"The builders of the Empire State building, who wished to place a mooring mast at the top of the building, faced many obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. One such obstacle was safety. Most dirigibles at the time used highly flammable hydrogen, and should a single spark enter the balloon, the entire dirigible would catch fire. Eventually, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how [harmful an] accident could [be] if it [took] place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York,"" and halted construction of the mooring mast. Another obstacle was that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" which would cause the dirigible to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" A third reason was that, even should there be some way of holding the dirigible still against all that air pressure, all the stress of holding that dirigible still ""would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" All these problems contributed to the mooring mast's fate disuse."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. When a dirigible was docked, it was held by a single cable tether, adding stress to the biuldings frame. The steel frame of the bilding from top to bottom would have to be modified and strengthened to adress this new situation more than @MONEY1 was spent for modifications on the buildings framework.When the owners of the Empire State building found out about the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, they realized how much worse it could of bin if it happened right over down town New York. If there was a docking accident and the dirigible was filled with hydrogen then that would be bad for the workers and anyone ealse around the building.	3
The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced the @CAPS2 of purfictle placing a thousand foot dirigible on top of the Building which would of not worket out Because of the wind and there was no wait in the back that would of kept the dirigible in place in which now ment that the dirigible would have been swinging back and fort and gave the riesct of the dirigible poking a sharp point on the corner of the Empire State Building and exploding, the dirigible above New York City and putting thousand of life at dinger. The @CAPS1 also faced the @CAPS2 of getting to micheenery that was needed to @CAPS4 the mooring mast. Another obstacle @CAPS1 had to face was getting aprover do to safety hasits because what had happing to the hindenburg in lakehurst, New Jersey.	3
The obstacles that the builders of the empire state building aced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were, structural problems, breaking laws, and keeping the dirigible safe in the air.  The structural problems this would have caused was the pressure on the buildings foundation from being pulled by the dirigibles.  The builders were also breaking The Law because there is a law saying how low an airship can fly over an urban area, the dirigibles would be way too low.  The final obstacle for the builders was to keep the dirigible safe in the air.  This is due to the high winds the airship would be swinging around and could break off.  Another issue would be if it blew up the pieces would fall onto downtown New York City.	3
"Based on the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, the obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there was how would they be able to have thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, without ""adding stress to the building framework."" They couldn't just add the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof because ""the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have been transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven thousand feet below."" @CAPS1 they had to find a solution, which was to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the Empire State Building. Costing over sixty thousand dollars' worth modifications to the building's framework. Also ""rather than building a utilitarian mast with any ornamentation, they built a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside,"" make the 101st floor a glassed-in observation area and the @NUM1 floor an open observation platform."	3
"In the excerpt, some obstacles they faced were that the building was the tallest in the world at 1,250 ft. like it says in paragraph @NUM1. Another problem they encountered was the dirigibles were unsafe. The Hindenburg, an event where a helium filled dirigible had caught fire, occured during construction. What if one of their dirigibles caught fire over New York. The whole idea of dirigibles was thought of as dangerous. Finally, there were laws saying that no aircraft could be that close to the city. The whole idea of the ""future of travel"" was very unliked and impractical."	2
"One of the big problems facing docking dirigibles is the government and the law. It is illegal to have such a low-flying aircraft. It says, ""... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Another obstacle would be safety. Dirigibles are FLAMMABLE and could easily injure and kill people if an accident happened. Is to dangerous, ""Most dirigibles... used hydrogen... hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS2. @NUM2) Another problem is nature and weather. The winds up there are extremely high and powerful. A big danger to dirigibles, ""... violent air currents... back of the ship would swivel around... high above pedestrians,"" (@CAPS2. @NUM3)."	4
"@ORGANIZATION3 writes in her excerpt The Mooring Mast"" of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to create a dock for dirigibles. In late 1929 Al Smith was confident of the height and use the building would achieve. Th"	3
"Although there were great hopes for the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, many obstacles were faced while trying to reach this dream. One obstacle noticed while designing the mast to dock on, was that the height and weight of a dirigible would greatly add stress to the building's frame. This would then be transmitted to the building's foundation as well. This clearly possessed a problem bigger than the Empire State Building could withstand. Another reason that builders faced an obstruction in the hopes of allowing dirigibles to dock was safety reasons. One of the most apparent problems, was that most dirigibles outside of the @LOCATION2 were fueled by hydrogen gas, opposed to helium gas. This posed a threat, for hydrogen is highly flammable. Putting a densely populated area such as downtown New York at risk consequently came as an obstacle for builders. The nature itself came as one of the last problems for such a dream. Winds that were constantly shifting due to extreme air currents, at the top of the building could easily cause the back of the dirigible to spin around the mooring mast. Again putting thousands of people below the building, was neither practical nor safe."" As quoted by the passage, ""the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was never destined to fulfill its purpose..."", clearly posing many obstacles in allowing to dock dirigibles on such a building."	4
well, since this one obstacle in their expanded use in New York City was the lack of landing area For the dirigibles. So, Al Smith decided to add a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building to allow these dirigibles to anchor there to get gas for several hours and also service. And to let the passengers on and off there also. The Dirigibles were docked by an electric winch, which hauled in a line From the front of ship then tied to the Mast. But, then yet the electric winch cable would cause stress to the building frame. The stress of these Dirigibles load and the wind pressure would transmitte all the way to the building's Foundation. The steel Frame of the building should be strengthened or modified to accommodate this new situation.	3
"In the reading comprehension ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock because they wanted to add the mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building's flat roof and the dirigibles would be able to take the mooring mast up to the top of the building. The architects found out that if they put the mooring mast on the top of the building its gonna bring stress to the building's foundation."	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced some problems allowing the dirigibles to dock there. One of the problems was that they didn't really have landing gear. It was very hard to land a dirigibles on the ground, but in mid air it was almost impossible. Another reason was it was very unsafe. The pilot of the dirigibles would have to land it about @NUM1 feet in the sky and if they messed up they could potentially die. Another reason was that there was a law against airships from from flying low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for people to land it up there. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems when trying to make a dock for dirigibles.	2
"In Downtown New York, Al Smith and his builders faced many obstacles in building and docking his dirigible on top of the mooring mast which had come to a failure by the end. The reason he planned to dock in New York because that's where most passengers would be at the location, where Smith would see it would be a success. The dirigibles are made ""with enormous steel-framed balloon with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium"" (paragraph @NUM1), at the time that Smith wasn't thinking, ""hydrogen is highly flammable"" (paragraph @NUM2) as well as the cotton fabric would catch on fire also; it is a dangerous hazard if any incident would have been in a ""densely populated area."" Another obstacle they dealed with was the ""dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (paragraph @NUM3) since it was illegal to dock the dirigibles in low areas, it couldn't happen for Smith, and the size of the dirigible, it's too long to not able to crash into one of the other buildings. Not only that but ""the mooring mast could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigible onto sharp spires of the building in the area"" (paragraph @NUM3) and it would most likely to happen since there are many buildings closely to one another in New York. With all these problems that they had faced through; failed; the dirigibles wasn't the future transportation by Al Smith, all of his plan's failed by the end."	3
"The builders of the Empire state building faced a few obstacles during there attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles were the structure of the building. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether. This would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would, ""have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"", which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The Steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new Situation."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building had many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The number one obstacle was safety. The builders thought to themselves, How are we going to safetly land a dirigible thousands of feet above the ground, while its freely floating in midair? Plus when you attempt this you are above crowded New York streets. If there was ever a malfunction or error while docking then thousands of people may lose their lives. Its much easier lending dirigibles in an open field than in mid-air because you have much more room, your planting the dirigible on secure ground, and you can weigh it down so it doesnt move around. Yet landing in open fields is dangerous because on @DATE1 in @LOCATION2, New Jersey the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire. This example shows how that if that were to happen in mid-air over a crowded New York City street or block then many more casualties would have been recorded. These obstacles were real and these are some of the reasons why the idea of landing a dirigible in mid-air slowly went away, because it wasnt the most logical idea.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. The builders couldn't just let the dirigible land that the step of the Empire State building. It would put to much pressure on the building. According to paragraph @NUM1 it says ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" It would have cost sixty thousand dollars worth of modification had to be made to the framework. Another obstacle they feared was they noticed how much worse it would be if the dirigible caught on fire on top of the Empire State Building. It would destroy part of the population because it would be in downtown New York. In paragraph @NUM2 the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. It says even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using the State building, where they would dangle above pedestrians was not safe."	3
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Nature itself was one of the greatest obstacles they faced. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Also the ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields, could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using those at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe. Another reason dirigibles could not dock there was because of the law against airships flying too low to urban areas. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building some obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. These obstacles included the added, stress to the buildings frame, The excerpt states in paragraph nine ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether would add stress to the building's frame."" This obstacle would could cause the whole building structure to collapse which could cause death and alot of destruction. Another obstacle included nature. The excerpt states in paragraph fourteen ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" These violent air current could cause the dirigibles to lose control and hit the building and other buildings around it. The stress being added to the Empire State building and nature itself were the two main obstacles for the builders."	3
"The builders of the dirigibles faced many obstacles trying to allow them to dock. One obstacle was there was a it was illegal for ""airships to fly to low"" over urban areas. It was illegal for it to ""tie up to the building. ""The purpose of the dirigibles was to be able to dock at the mast. If it couldn't fly up to the mast and dock there was no purpose in the mast or dirigibles. If they were to be able to dock they would need to be weighted down by lead weights. The problem with the weights was they would dangle above pedestrians. That was ""neither practical nor safe"" for the pedestrians on the street. If the dirigible docked at the top of the building, they would be held by a single cable. All the pressure on the cable would stress out the buildings frame. If that were to happen they would then have to strengthen and modify the buildings foundation. Overall the major obstacle they faced was not thinking through their plan of the dirigible. If they had thought it through these obstacles could have been prevented."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, there were numerous obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle being that the architects could not have a mooring mast on top of the building because the dirigible would be, ""... held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This would cause the building to have to weak of a frame from the dirigible's load, as well as the wind pressure. Then the stress would be transmitted down to the foundation of the building. As a result, the building's frame was modified, costing ""Over sixty thousand dollars'"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Another obstacle was designing the mooring mast, so passengers could be brought, ""... down to the eighty-sixth floor, where baggage and ticket areas would be located"" (@CAPS1 @NUM3). In order for this to be completed, builders had to complete the roof. Lastly, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the moor mast was nature itself"" (@CAPS1 @NUM4). When the winds came into action at the top of the building, the dirigible would swivel around the mast. This would cause a safety hazard for pedestrians on the street. The Mooring Mast, supported many reasons as to the obstacles builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigible to dock at the Empire State Building."	4
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast,, by @PERSON1, the author describes many obstacles builders faceded, to allow dirigibles to dock. The first problemb was the modifications that had to made to the buildings framework. ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made,"" showing how expensive this product was going to be. A second potential problemb was that, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting."" This could cause many different complications. One of which would be how ""the wind would blow the dirigible onto sharp spires,"" a consiquence feared by the piolet of Los Angeles. Another problemb brought up by the winds shifting, would be the ship spinnig, potentialy resulting in catastrophe. They acomidated for the use with unpractical things, eventualy leading to the downfall of the mooring mast."	3
"There were many problems to over come in the construction of the mooring mast on the Empire State Building. The first problem to over come was the stress a thousand foot long dirigible would add to the buildings frame. This was solved by spending over @MONEY1 in modifying the building's frame work. Another problem was a law against airships flying too low around urban environments, brought up in paragraph @NUM1. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" @CAPS1 is writing about the wind. At 1,250 feet high the wind is violent, and would swing a dirigible around to much to be safe, and ends could not be weighed down for fear of injuring a pedestrian. Those were three signifigant reasons the mooring mast failed."	3
The architects and builders faced large problems in the construction of the docking platform, even though they had not notice them at first. The builders did not notice any large problem untill after the dirigible Hindenburg crashed in Lakehurst. The building's owners became greatly concerned for the safety of the people inside and below the building if a blimp fell into the same situation as the Hindenburg.	1
The builders of the Empire State building faced not so many but difficult obstacles. one of the obstacles were the crowded @CAPS1 they had for the dirigible. crowded @CAPS1 can cause the dirigible to hit or bump into another building if not pop the thing. The wind could also make the dirigible sway and hit another building. Another obstacle was the stress the building was having because the dirigible was tied to it. If the wind blew hard, the dirigible would put alot of tension on the building and something could go wrong.	2
Builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.  First, there was the problem of having a large dirigible moored to the top of the building help by a single cable tether which would add stress to the frame of the building, all the way to its foundation.  To fix this, the frame of the Empire state building would need to be strengthened.  Another problem was the safety of the citizens on the streets below.  Dirigibles using hydrogen could burst into flames.  Also high winds would make it hard for the dirigible to tether to the mooring mast.  The dirigible could not be weighed down since the weights would dangle over pedestrians on the streets.  The effectiveness of these winds was shown when the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles attempted to dock.  During this attempt the winds were very strong and the captain of the dirigible feared that it could be punctured by other buildings sharp spires.  Those are several examples of what builders of the Empire State building had to face.	3
One problem that the builders has was that they had to make the mast big enough. Some dirigibles would be @NUM1 feet long. If the just dropped a mast on top of the Empire State Building becaus the stress of a thousand-foot dirigible held to the Empire State Building by just one cable tether, there would be a lot of stress put on the building's frame. If they did the weight of the dirigible and the wind all of that stress and pressure would be put on the buildings foundation that was nearly eleven hundred feet below which was not safe at all. They had to go through all of the different possibilities and they also had to make sure that it was going to be safe. While designing the mast they had to consider the winds at the top of the building, the winds were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents. If they did design a good mast the dirigible would be dangling above pedestrians, which was not safe.	3
"Based on the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION3 the builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. One reason that it was difficult to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building was safety issues. According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" With New York City and its dense population that is a risk that cannot be taken. Another obstacle faced by the architects of the Empire State Building was nature itself. The start of paragraph @NUM1 states, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" With high winds the dirigible, even tethered to the mast, would swivel around the mooring mast. Another difficulty in docking the dirigibles was according to the excerpt in paragraph @NUM2, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" Due to this law it would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. A final obstacle the builders faced was the advancement with airplanes and that made it difficult for dirigibles to be the prime source of aeronautical transportation. Even though the builders spent a lot of time and effort in making the Empire State Building a national @CAPS1, which it is, they neglected many potential problems with the mooring mast which led to it never accomplish its full potential."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One was that they had to add over sixty thousand dollars' worth of changes to the buildings framework because docking a dirigibles on the building would put a lot of stress on the framework and foundation of the building. Another problem was that most dirigibles outside the U.S. used hydrogen which was highly flammable and an accident at this building would be very dangerous because it such a densely populated area. Nature was said to be the biggest obstacle ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (line @NUM1) This would cause the dirigible to sway back and forth uncontrollably. This would endager pedestrians below and passengers on the dirigible. Lastly, a law was in place against airships flying too low in urban areas. All of these obstacles made docking a dirigible here impossible."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" the builders found many obstacles on the way to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the empire state building Some of those obstacles were as follow. The main concern was the safety of the passenger boarding and unboarding as well as the people below The concern for the people below was how the dirigible sometimes was floating with hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. So they didn't want chances of the dirigible blowing up. Another main concern was there was an ""exsiting law over airships flying to low over urban areas"" (par @NUM1) The dirigible floated with the air and being as long as @NUM2 ft. the back of the dirigible where it wasn't securely fastened would circle around the mooring from the high wind currents. The winds were shifting all the time so it was a very big safety issue. Another obstacle was the dirigible docking, was mainly put into place because of jealousy. The man was jealous because his competition Al Smith was catching up with him before the idea of dirigible came to mind."	3
"Base on the excerpt the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They not going to do it because it might hit other building or fly into other self. ""Could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1 lines @NUM2). That mean it wasn't safe."	1
They were many obstacles the @ORGANIZATION2 of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of those obstacles was the stress of the dirigibles's load and the wind pressure didn't allow to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, in which was nearly @NUM1 feet below. Another things that was an obstancle for the @ORGANIZATION2 was it was alot of money it was over sixty thousand dollar's worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. Also the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof. The last obstacle was it safety. Most of the dirigibles from outside of the United States uses hydrogen rather then helim, which hydrogen is highly flamable. This let to a accident on May 6, 1937, the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it happened in dowtown New York. This are some obtecles the @ORGANIZATION2 of @ORGANIZATION2 faced.	3
On December 11, 1929 a man named Al Smith announced he was building the world's tallest building at 1,250 feet This building was the Empire state building in New York, that would be used for a dirigible mooring But, there would be a few obstacles to face, that would cause the dirigible mooring to not successfully be used.Al Smith announced he was building this mooring mast but did not announce potential obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building would face when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the largest obstacles would be the wind factor, causing the dirigible's back end to sway. Another issue, would be having the foreign dirigibles full of flammable gases to be moored too close to a densely populated area. Also, before any dirigibles could be moored, constructors had to spend extra time and money to make the building much more sturdy, to hold the dirigibles.	2
"The builders and engineers involved in allowing The Empire State Building to dock dirigibles on a mooring mast around one thousand two hundred and fifty feet in the air faced many obstacles. In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, taken from The Empire State Building, the reader is taken through the journey in allowing dirigibles, or blimps, to refuel and transport passengers atop the Empire State Building. This was not an easy task; in fact it was never achieved. Some reasons for this are the very building itself. The mooring mast was to be on top of the building, and its height and weight and wind pressure on the building was dangerous. In paragraph nine it is stated that: ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" But even more than just the building itself, the location of the Empire State Building in densely populated downtown New York created a few major obstacles. First, most international blimps used Hydrogen rather than helium-which is highly Flammable. A fire or explosion in the location that the mooring mast was to be located would be devastating to the city. Secondly, there were shifting winds ""due to violent air currents"" atop the building. They caused the backend of the dirigible to swerve. Weights could not be used on the blimp, though, because of the people below and the height at which everything took place. Finally, there were laws in place against airships flying too low over urban areas. So essentially, the objective of this project could not be reached ed unless legislation was changed. All of these obstacles made it very hard to dock dirigibles on top of the mooring mast on the Empire State Building, However to blimps did attempt to land there. The U.S. Navy dirigible ""Los Angeles"" and the Goodyear Blimp ""Columbia"" both were unsuccessful in landing due to intense winds and sharp spires of nearby buildings. This project is an example of a beneficial idea which was nearly impossible to execute."	4
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to adopt there was very hard for them. A dirigible having to dock on the Empire State Building is probably not easy. A mooring mast added to the top of the building. Would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling. The obstacles were that Al Smith demanded the builders to make the Empire State Building more tall. Also to make it more ornamental, and to put in like a pyramid at the top. The workers were exhausted. The one obstacle that the builders did was to expand their use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. The other obstacles were that the architects and the builders of the Empire State Building consulted with experts, taking tours of the equipment and mooring operations. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was by nature itself.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple obstacles when trying to obstruct dirigibles to dock on the top of there building. They faced obstacles like laws, saftay problems, and also natural problems when trying to successed this gutsey idea. They firsted faced the problems of law, ""An existing law aginst airships flying too low over urban areas. This law posed an obstacle for the builders because they would have to dock the blimp without flying in this restricted fly zone. The Second problem was dealing with saftey, ""when dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed... Owners of the Empire State building relized how much worse that accident could have been over downtown New York."" After blimps were proven to be highly flamable the builders saw that an accident over highly populated New York City would be worse than a rural area. Finally the builders face problems with nature, ""dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" The builders relized that the drastic change in @LOCATION2 at the top of the building where not apperate for a blimp. These designers had more than a mundane idea but it was shot down with the multiple obstacles that a-rose."	4
"The idea of the dirigibles docking on the mooring mast was very smart and could've been great. However, the builders of the Empire State Building faced problems when trying to achieve that goal. One problem was the wind forces were two strong to allow a dirigible to dock at the mast. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (¶ @NUM1). Another reason is the safety of the people. Not all dirigibles were made the same. In other countries, dirigibles had different kinds of gases in them ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (¶ @NUM2). Since hydrogen is highly flammable, the builders had to take in to consideration how safe people would be flying in a dirigible. Lastly, there was a law against aircraft flying too close to a populated area. ""... was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" (¶ @NUM3). The docking at the Empire State Building was a great idea but there were too many challenges that faced the builders."	4
In the excerpt of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders went through many obstacles in the attempt to allow dringibles dock on the Empire State Building. At first Al Smith wanted this newly designed building to be the tallest one in the world. Now this 1,250 foot building would reach new heights by adding a top hat to the building and allowing drigible to dock there. Passengers to get off and on the blimp, along with the conductor refuling its engine. Although this was a great idea there were many issues that the constructor did not see, This is because the thousand foot dirigible would add stress to the buildings frame. The wind would also add thousands of dollars in damage, to ensure that no damage or harm would be put on the building or residents of New York the steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be strengthened. This cost the city of New York over @MONEY1 in the hopes of putting it on the map for modern travel.	2
"Obstacles the builders haded to face with the empire state building was that they did not had the enough technology to land a dirigible on the mooring mast. February 1931 @CAPS1 clavan of the building's architectural office said ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a heigh made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear""     After @CAPS1 clavan said that the using of the dirigibles had dissappeared. by the late 1930s, the dirigibles had been given away to Airplanes. Also builder haded to construct electric winch and gang plank the electric winch is hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied to the mast, and gang plank to a open observation plataform.     "	1
During the construction of the Empire State Building, there were several obstacles the builders faced to have the dirigibles be able to dock on the Empire State Building. The first obstacle the builders faced was figuring out how to modify and strengthen steel frame of the Empire State building to accommodate the mooring mast on top of the building. These modifications would cost over sixty thousand dollars, which was a lot of money back in the @DATE1's. Once the builders finished framing the entire building, the greatest obstacle to constructing the mooring mast came to be. This obstacle was nature itself. violent air currents would have the back of the blimps swivel around and around the mast. The blimp would need weights to hold it steady, but these weights would be hanging over people on the street and this was neither practical nor safe.	3
The builders faced many obstacles when attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock. The first was that they couldn't just put the mast on top of the building, it would have put too much stress on the buildings frame. They had to transmite the stress all the way down to the foundation of the building. They did over @MONEY1 worth of framework to the building.Their next obstacle was to find a safe way to dock and unload the ships, which was impossible. First off the ship couldn't even reach the building because the violent ever-changing winds were too much to control the ship in. But even if they did dock the back of the ship would have been pushed around and around the mast.Another obstacle was a law that prevented airships from flying that low over urban areas. So now the ships couldn't ever approach the building to tie off to the mast.	4
In this short passage, it discusses how architects want to build a mooring mast on the Empire State Building in the state of New York. This mast would dock dirigibles, which in modern day they're called blimps. The mooring mast is a skinny tower at the top of the Empire State Building to dock the Dirigibles. Empire State Building stands @NUM1 feet tall without the mooring mast at peak.The stress of a dirigible on a mooring mast at @NUM2 feet is a lot of weight at that high of a structure. They put @MONEY1 of modifications into this deal for the base area of the building.An important downfall about the dirigibles are that with helium in them, they're very flammable and could cost several millions in damage. If the zeppelin caught on flame over such a densely populated land area, that could take a large amount of lives.I think the mooring mast was a great idea and it helped the building be the tallest building at one time. They should still use the mooring mast today.	3
Due to the architects being blind to the potential problems of the mast, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. There was a law saying that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. This made it illegal for ship to even go near the building. But say a ship got tethered to the mooring mast, the back end of the ship would swivel around the mass due to constant shifting winds because of violent air currents. Dirigibles are normally moored in open fields which allows the backs to be weighted down with lead weights. This was dangerous for many reasons but mainly because the weights would be hanging over downtown New York. Without the dirigible being held down the violent winds would push the ship into sharp spires that would rip the shell. With the wind pressure and the dirigibles load itself there would be too much stress being added to the buildings frame. The buildings steel frame, over sixty thousand dollars in modifications would have to be made so the stress would be able to be transmitted nearly eleven hundred feet down to the foundation. Most of the dirigibles that were made out of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is more flamable so the owners of the Empire state building realized how worse the accident could have been if it were over downtown New York. With all of these obsticles in their way the owners and builders of the Empire state building voted to postpone the installation of the landing gear.	4
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there include: hydrogen gas being highly flammable, high winds and wind shifts at the top of the building, laws that airships could not fly too low over cities such as New York City.The problem of hydrogen gas came to them when a blimp blew up in New Jersey, then the owners realized how bad it could've been in the city. When it comes to high winds the excerpt says, ""... if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around..."" Also, the law mentioned would have made it illegal for blimps to come close to the Empire State Building"	3
The obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock they are making sure they dont bump into other buildings, and they use rope to drop down the papers. They are trying to make sure that the dirigibles do not pop if it touches the buildings. It is also trying to keep the dirigibles away so they don't get to close and thats why they are droping the papers down with ropes @CAPS1 if they built a little tunnel so the dirigibles can go in they won't have to worry about them getting popped if they touch a building.	1
"In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced a few problems. First, they had to figure out a practical way this could be done. When they decided to construct a ""rocket-shaped mast"" that the dirigible could attach to, they realized that the roof had to be built first. After the building of the mast was completed, saftey became an issue. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (paragraph @NUM1) If there were ever an accident with a foreign dirigible, the safety of New York City would be at risk. Also, the dirigibles could not be tied down with weights like they can in an open field. This would also be unsafe for the people of New York. The main obstacle the builders faced with saftey, which is a big issue. Therefore, the dirigibles could not dock on the Empire State Building."	3
"There were many obstacles that got in the way of landing dirigibles on the Empire State Building. Most of these had to do with the framework of the building and safety. Workers encountered obstacles with the new plan of mooring blimps even before they started constructing. To be able to support the air crafts, the frame of the building would have to be ""modified and strengthened,"" or else there was no way the building would stay standing. Safety was the main issue with fulfilling the plan to moor blimps to the Empire State Building. After everything was built and finished, it was soon realized that the ""mooring mast was destined to never fulfill its purpose"". Some reasons for this were because foreign dirigibles were made mostly of hydrogen, which is highly flammable and extremely unsafe. Also, just attaching a dirigible to the mast would be dangerous due to winds that were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". Not only was unsafe to moor dirigibles to the tallest building in the world, but it was also illegal. Airships were not allowed to fly to low over populated areas. After the construction of the mooring mast, it was soon realized that would never be used."	3
The obstacles the builders of the empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area. Also A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. To do that they would need a lot of money like sixty thousand dollars.Another reason was safety because most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. But the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents.	3
The builders of the Empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the greatest obstacles they had to face were the winds at the top of the building because the winds were constantly Shifting due to violent air currents. It also was'nt safe having the dirigibles weighed down with lead weights so it wont swivel around the mooring mast. Also sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frameworK. They were scared that weighing the ship down with lead weights would be dangerous because of all the people below in the city. It must have been very hard to construct the mooring mast.	3
The Mooring Mast On December 11, 1929, Al Smith released to the public the the Empire State Building would reach a towering 1,250 feet, the world's tallest building. To do this they were going to add a mooring mast to the top of the building to dock Dirigibles. The builders were unaware of the obstacles to come. They were faced with many architectural, @CAPS1 and nature based dilemmas. When designing the mast, they realized they could not just place the mast on top. The wind pressure mixed with all the stress of the dirigible being held by one cable would send the stress throughout the building, and even down to the foundation. (paragraph @NUM1) To do this it would cost over @NUM2$ to make the frame work strong enough to hold the stress. Another obstacle that came into play was @CAPS1. In the @LOCATION2 hydrogen is used to fuel the dirigibles. Hydrogen is highly flammable so if anything ever happened over downtown New York. It would be a catastrophe. The greatest obstacle was said to be nature itself. The violent air currents are unpredictible and the dirigible would be shifting around even if weighted down. But it is not practical or safe to weigh the balloon dow with pedestrians below. Overall the outcome of the mast was a fail due to the blindly seen and the blindly predicted obstacles of nature, architecture @CAPS1.	4
"Based on the excerpt it is evident that the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.One of the reasons for the ideas failure was the fact that there was already a law in place making it illegal for a dirigible to even approach the area, as it states in paragraph @NUM1. Also, it could've of been an extreme fire hazard if a blimp had ever reached the Empire State Building. This is proved in paragraph @NUM2, where it states, ""the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire..."" which caused the owners to realize, ""how much worse that accident could have been in New York."" On top of all this, weather proposed an even bigger problem. Violent air currents made the idea of a mooring mast was ""neither practical nor safe."" I believe the most important reason that the idea failed was because technology was simply advancing beyond predictions. In paragraph @NUM3, it says, ""Dirigibles instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes."""	3
"In the passage, The Mooring Mast, Marcia Amidon Lüsted discusses several adversities and obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of their many obstacles they faced, was ""the lack of a suitable landing area. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighed down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was niether practical nor safe."" However before thinking of landing dirigibles, architects had to figure out a way to get the mooring mast on top of the building. They ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof."" @CAPS1 ""the steel frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened."" Most of the problems were avoidable, except for that ""the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."""	3
"Architects and builders faced several obstacles when attempting to build the empire state building and allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle they faced was S keeping a safe environment. Dirigibles that are fueled by hydrogen are prone to be destroyed by fire. One example of this is in paragraph @NUM1, ""the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey."" Another major obstacle was high wind speeds and violent air currents. These made dangerous because the back of the ship would be swung around the mooring mast. Lastly, another obstacle that they faced was a law. In paragraph @NUM2, it says, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law would keep dirigibles from being able to ever dock there or even fly in the general area. All of these obstacles could not be overcome so in the end the mooring mast was not successful."	3
The first obstical came when the @PERSON1 builing had changed its height. They created the mooring mast and made the empire state builbing @NUM1 ft. higher. Then they figured out that the mast would add stress to the buildings frame. Then with the new laws and the hindenburg that the mooring mast would not work-out. So the gave up trying to make it useful.	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that was faced was the buildings foundation. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure will have to be transmitted, nearly eleven hundred feet below."" This became an obstacle because the building had already been built, so they'd have to work around the existing foundation. Another obstacle that was faced was a law. The law stated ""no airships are allowed to fly low over urban areas."" This became an obstacle because they had to convince government people it was safe. Finally the greatest obstacle was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This was an obstacle because winds could get so bad that the dirigible tied up could rip the roof off and hurt the people below. In conclusion, that is how the builders in the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building."	4
The fact that these dirigibles are so big and filled with hydrogen and helium the point at the top would have poped it. Also the Winds were always too high so they would never be able to connect the blimp to the building. Lastly the fact that the German dirigible, Hindenburg burned like that they were afraid for that to happen. Especially in a crowded area such as New York.	2
There would have been multiple obstacles when allowing a dirigibles to dock a the top of the empire state building. One it may get very densely populated with taller buildings. Since they had never made one before something could go wrong And last like the Hindenburg another disaster like that could happen but This time in a densly populated city	1
"While building the Empire State Building, builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the greatest obstacles was safety. They would need to find a way to dock the dirigibles to the mast with out having it swing in the wind. ""Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (@NUM1). Another obstacle in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock the Empire State Building was designing the mast. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (@NUM2). The Empire State Building's steel frame had to be strengthened in order to withstand to weight of the mast."	3
"The builders faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast of the Empire State Building, until finally they called it quits. According to the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Chrysler building in New York City was about to be the height of the not-built Empire state. The weight and strength of a dirigible could damage the entire building so it would have to be strengthened and modified in order for the blimp to be able to land. The engineers also had to find a way to control the flammability that dirigibles tend to have. In paragraph @NUM1, Lüsted describes a dirigible that exploded in New Jersey not long ago, and that constructing a landing pad over the densely populated New York City, could be detrimental. The constructors of the mooring mast finally came to the conclusion that the plan was ""neither practical nor safe"" (@NUM2). The blimps are held down with lead weights and this could have a negative effect on pedestrians if something were to ever go wrong. The builders of the Empire State building had a lot to think about in regards to constructing the dirigible dock, and in the end, it was for the better that they decided against it."	3
"To start off, the builders of the Empire State Building had faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Many of the obstacles had delt with the dirigible itself. For example, the dirigible was highly unsafe and flammable by the 1930s. ""When the German dirigible was destroyed by fire, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937 realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area, such as downtown New York."" Another obstacle that the builders had faced was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. It would be highley dangerous for a dirigible to fly that close to a mooring mast with winds like that. Also, dirigibles could not fly near the Empire State Building, due to an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or approach the area. Al Smith's dream was to make the Empire State Building suitable for transportation, but sometimes dreams don't always go threw."	4
In the excerpt there were multiple obstacles the builders faced when allowing dirigibles to dock on the empire state building. First was making the steel frame of the building stronger. The builders also had to make the empire state building 102 stories tall, and make the 101st story an observatory. The last obstacle the faced was building the empire state building. Those are the obstacles that the builders faced when construction the empire state building.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building had great plans to allow dirigibles, also known as blimps, to dock there. Although they kept their expectations high, they faced many obstacles while trying to make this happen. The first problem they ran into was the fact that the steel frame of the building would have to be strengthened due to the stress of the dirigible's load. So, the architects had to make changes to the building's skeleton. Safety was also an issue because hydrogen made the blimps flammable, which could cause a destruction by fire. There was also an existing law stating ""airships can't fly to low over urban areas."" @CAPS1, dirigibles wouldn't be allowed to tie up to the building, let alone even reach that area. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Due to heavy winds, the dirigibles would swivel around too much, and the area was not open enough to weigh down the back with lead weights. So, the architects of the Empire State Building faced too many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to successfully dock there."	4
"When attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced obstacles regarding laws, safety, and even the nature of the mast itself. There was a law at the time prohibiting aircraft from flying low over cities. In paragraph @NUM1, the narrator says, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". This did not stop some dirigibles from attempting it, but it was too dangerous around other buildings. The next obstacle was about safety. From the excerpt, ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammible"". An incident like that with the Hindenburg over a city like New York would be devastating. The third obstacle was that the mast was simply not suited for holding a dirigible. The narrator points out, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". There was no practical way to hold the back end of the dirigible. In light of all these issues, builders were forced to admit that the mooring mast on the Empire State Building was indeed destined to fail."	3
While dirigibles were being invented in the early 1930's. Many workers and financial men and women faced problems when trying to dock dirigibles. A dirigible was a live propeller that passengers who boarded the dirigible could ride. It was a closed compartment under the balloon. Getting back to the point of these inventions. Dirigibles were a dangerous device from what the passage says. From outside the United states they used hydrogen, not helium. The cause affect in using hydrogen is that it is highly flammable. The German dirigible... named Hindenburg, exploded by the cause of fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Dirigibles was a very dangerous device back used in the 1930's. So then by the late 1930's, the idea of wing transportational diribles faded away. Later on they took passengers baggage of dirigible and made it into the world's largest soda fountain and tea garden.	1
"The obstacles the builder's of the Empire state Building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was safety, nature itself and the law.Safety because dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable and accident could happen like ""German dirigible Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey.""nature being the second problem because violent air currents could shift the dirigible and cause damage and hurt pedestrians.Law being the last reason because there was a law against air ships flying too low over urban areas. The statement in the excerpt says ""This law would make it illegal for ships to ever tie up to the building."" Which makes it quite pointless to have even built it in the first place."	3
"Construction always has challenges. In the excerpt from The Mooring Mask by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many challenges for the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to land dirigibles there. Some of the obstacles the builders faced included the enormous size of the dirigibles, the frame would need to be modified, the cost, and nature itself.landing the dirigibles would be a hard task. For one, the dirigibles are enormous, they are ""a thousand-foot"" long flying devices. This would make it extremely difficult to land just because of its weight. The stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way  to the building's foundation."" This is a struggle because the ""steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified."" This modification would take lots of effort and planning. Plus, modification also brings up the problem of cost. There would have to be ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications."" That cost is mindblowing and would create challenges of how to get that money. In addition nature itself was an obstacle. Winds at the top of the building were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Nature would bring up many challenges for the builders to have to work around. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, talks about the height of the buildings, the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. The architecture who built the Chrysler Building was secretly hiding something. The secret was that he constructed a 185-foot spire inside the building, it shocked many people and the media by hoisting it up to the top of the Chrysler Building. Now it's a height of 1,046 feet, which is 46 feet taller than the height of the Empire State Building. One obstacle to their expand use in New York city was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith thought that a mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service to let passengers on and off. The mooring mast couldn't just simply drop a mooring mast on top or the building. Adding a mooring mast to a cable tether could add stress to the buildings frame. They finally build the mooring mast and they raised the American flag again."	2
"Allowing dirigibles to dock to the Empire State Building was never a safe idea. ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" @CAPS1 obstacles arose once the idea got thrown around.Builders soon realized that docking the dirigibles to the Empire State Building would cause stress to the building; ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" Safety was a major obstacle because dirigibles from outside the @PERSON1 used hydrogen that was highly flammable. Then the obstacle of wind came and played. Usually they would weigh them down but that was not ideal being so close to other buildings and hovering over thousands of people. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The idea was never successful due to the obstacles presented."	3
Some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the law, and the spires that were on other buildings. Another problem was making the mooring mast. this was a problem because it whould add alot of stress to the building, And safety was an issue. I said that the law restricted this Because you can't Put a Blimp over urban areas because if some thing goes wrong alot of pedestrians will be killed. Putting up the mooring mast was no easy task it was very hard to make it to support a Blimp Because there will be to much pressure on the building. lastly safety there were Blimps that caught fire because of the gases they worked with. If that were to happen in New York alot of innocent lives will be gone.	3
"The builders faced many different obstacles in their attempt to allowing Blimps to dock there. There were two major obstacles. ""The greatest reason was one of safety: Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly @CAPS1"" (@NUM1). If a blimp had an accident like the Hindenburg, not only would the Empire State building go down, it would affect other buildings and people too because of the city's population. Lastly the other large effect on the building was the weather. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@NUM2). The winds could have easily knock it over with a blimp attatched to it for this reason: ""the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (@NUM2). As result to this the blimb would be so close to the mast that if a strong enoungh wind was blowing, the blimps weight you take the mast with it. All in all weather and hydrogen blimps with the builders' two major obstacles."	3
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, would be things such as the different usage of air. A sentence I found to follow this reason would be in paragraph @NUM1 when said, ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This would cause many problems and face many obstacles. Another reasoning I found was wind. A reason I found would be as stated in paragraph @NUM2, ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" This would be something difficult to fix. As other obstacles I found such as the size and density, I find these two to be the best reasoning."	2
Despite the pricey investments of sixty thousand dollars that needed to be put into the building for this project to become a reality, there were many more obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The greatest obstacle they faced was the safety of people; a dirigibles dangleing nearly @NUM1 feet above ground with the possibility of explosion and pedestrians below doesn't seem like the smartest idea. Another problem they faced was the stress that the dirigible-held on by only a single cable-would put on the buildings frame. With the wind blowing the dirigible around the load and pressure of it would have to be sent all the way to the base of the building about @NUM1 feet down. In order for this to work the builders would have to strengthen the steel frame of the building. Maybe the most difficult obstacle they faced was nature itself, strong wind streams above the building would have caused the dirigible to swing around once it was docked, as well as running the risk of being blown of course and into another building. And if they ever wanted this idea to work in the first place they should have checked the laws first; aircrafts were not allowed to fly that low over urban areas. Builders of this landing dock and the empire state building just faced too many obstacles.	4
the builder of the empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there because they had to plan out how it would what they would need to use for it to dock there. What kinds of material would be needed in this project and how it would work. Before actually putting it all together.	0
The builders of the empire state building ran into a lot of problems involving the dirigibles.  One problem is that there was no easy way to make such a suitable docking station at such a great height, while making it look good.  The other, most main reason/problem with the mast for mooring the dirigibles was just a safety issue.  But a big one.  Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium and hydrogen is extremely flammable.  So, if something were to go wrong with docking the dirigible could catch fire and explode & go down in a densely populated area.  There were a lot of safety and structure issues but they were eventually resolved, (like the fact that large lead weights needed to dangle over the streets to weigh down the back of the dirigible	2
Trying to construct the Empire State Building in a way to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the building, brought up many challenges for the builders. There was a huge saftey issue having the blimps so close to the city. In paragraph @NUM1, the fear of winds that could blow the blimp into other buildings, wrecking them, scared people. The second concern was the fact that the blimp is full of highly flamable gas and if they blimp was ever to burst into flames above a city, much damage would be done to the blimp and New York City. The last major concern is located in paragraph nine. The problem would be the amount of stress the building would take on by having a blimp tied to the top of it. The whole building would have to be reconstructed to help the Empire State Building not take on that stress; In fact, basically every part of the building and blimp would have to be remodeled in order to keep New York City, and the passengers of the dirigible safe.	3
"There were obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the many obstacles the dirigibles had to face was the lack of a suitable landing area, which I found on paragraph six. Another obstacle would be on paragraph @NUM1 where it says ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Nature itself would be another obstacle for the dirigibles, because ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS1 but not least, there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Which means it is illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even go near the area. In conclusion these were some out of the many obstacles a dirigible had to face."	4
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The hydrogen in the dirigibles was highly flammable, winds shifted a lot, and existing laws made it illegal to dock in such an area. Most dirigibles during that time. Were floating by hydrogen rather than helium. With the builders found out was hydrogen is very flammable and too risky to land dirigibles that could catch on fire above a whole city. The excerpt also explained that nature was a huge issue. Air currents as high as those a top the buildings were vicious and shifted rapidly which would make it dangling dirigibles from that high up very risky. Lastly, was the obstacle of breaking the law! The law against airships flying to low over urban areas. With all these obstacles that would be too difficult for the builders face, this unreal dream would yet remain a dream.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first major problem was they weren't sure if the structure of the building could hold up to a swaying dirigible. As said in paragraph @NUM1. Also the builders knew that since the dirigible would be hooked to the mast by a single cable, the air currents would make the back of the ship swivel around the mooring mast. As said in paragraph @NUM2.  There also was a law enforcement against airships flying too lower over urban areas. That would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building. Those are some of the obstacles that the builders were faced with	3
"Throughout the process of construction the Empire State Building contractors faced couple of obstacles in their quest to dock dirigibles on it. First off, safety was a huge factor of the quest. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if taken place above a densely populated areas such as downtown New York."" @CAPS1 a baloon and dirigible may have the same appearance the two are completely structured differently. Helium causes a balloon to rise a dirigible uses hydrogen to fly which is highly flamable. Secondly there was already a law put into effect for air trafficking. ""... could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. Fearing the wind would blow the dirigibles onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the shell."" If the dirigible was to ever get punctured it could collaps into the streets of New York causing mass destruction. Thus concluding a few of many obstacles in the way of landing dirigibles on the Empire State Building."	3
There are many obstacles the builders had to face while attempting to allow the docking of dirigibles. One obstacle they had to overcome was paying over sixty thousand dollars' to the worth of modifications for the building's framework. In paragraph @NUM1, it stated that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load, and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly hundred feet below. As a result of this issue, the frame of the entire building had to change to accommodate the new situation. More obstacles flooded in after the new modifications. When the building had been framed to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the framing for the mooring mast could take place. The mast also had to have a skeleton of steel, stated in paragraph @NUM2,	2
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many problems when tempting to let dirigbles dock there. There were @NUM1 major problems of why it was so hard to dock them at the Empire State building. These obstacles were what was in the dirigbles, the ""nature"" of winds around New York, and a new law passed on restrictions of airships.     Dirigbles unlike balloons, which are made up of Helium, dirigbles are made up of hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flamible. This coud have resulted in terrible way if anything caught on fire since New York is so highly densed.     Another problem they faced were the high winds of New York. They were constantly shifting, so they thought to tie the dirigibles down with lead but this would be a bad idea because if the lead ever fell it would injure many people.     Lastly, they recently passed a law against airships flying too low over urban cities. If this law was very strict than the dirigibles wouldnt be allowed to dock there because it might be too close to the city.     In, conclusion there were many obstacles that the archtects dont think about before constructing."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow diigibles to dock there. The builders were in a compition to become the tallest building in the world. This made them rush and really @CAPS1 for this. The archetes had to find a way to build this mast. ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modification had to be made to the building's framework"". They had to fix the framework of the building so the wind woldent affect the rest of the building. ""The stress of the dirigibles' load and the wind Pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's fundation."" The builder and archetes had to overcome the reality to. It was not safe and dirigibles are highly flammable. It wald be a terrible accident if one eliminated in the city. Also many laws @CAPS2 airships flying low in urban areas. The builders had to face many Problems while trying to build the tallest building."	3
"In ""The mooring mast"" by Marcia lusted builders who tried to make it possible for dirigibles or ""blimps"" to tie up to the mooring mast of the Empire State Building faced some problems they didn't account for. These were variations of blimps they didn't plan for, safety issues and also laws they would have to violate to have a dirigible land. The builders when making the mast didn't think deeply about any of these things.The problems the builders would face would appear right after the mast went up. To start the differences in blimps between countries was a factor, because blimps in the @LOCATION2 used helium to keep the dirigible flying but in places outside the states they used hydrogen which is flammable. This is a major issue for a place like New York that is densely populated. Another safety issue that they can't control was nature, the high winds atop the building would move the back of the blimp around and also when landing the window may push the blimp into the mast which would puncture the dome. Both these safety reasons were why blimps are landed on the ground. However even without both of these reasons there was a legal issue, a law that stated that airships can't fly too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to dock on the building.Having not considered all these things the builders put up the mast but unfortunately they would later have to face the differences in blimps, safety issues and legal troubles they didn't account for."	4
The Empire State building was built to compete with the Chrysler building and to compete they created a mooring mast. The obstacles that restricted the dirigibles was: nature, the wind changes on top of the building were drastic, and some dirigibles had a large amount of hydrogen which is highly flammable. Another reason why was because it's illegal for aircrafts to fly low over urban areas. The examples above were all complications that restricted the derigibles to moor at the Empire State building.	2
"The competitive spirit of Al Smith, governor of New York, drove him and his architects to build a docking site for dirigibles atop the Empire State Building. Instead of seeing the daunting task which lay ahead, they saw the opportunity to become the epitome of modern travel. When deciding to build a mooring on top of the Empire State Building, the architects knew they'd face multiple obstacles. The first obstacle they faced with how to adjust the frame of the building to support the docking site. The architects knew that the building ""would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation"" (par. @NUM1). They were able to overcome this obstacle but many more loomed up ahead. The wind and weather needed to be taken into consideration as well. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting"" (par. @NUM2). Reluctantly the builders admitted to the inevitable obstacle posed by nature. The builders seems to realize how unrealistic this dream was. Two more obstacles lay ahead, and these would lay the mooring dock to rest forever. A floating dirigible above a densley populated city was an all around dangerous idea. It was noticed that hydrogen was highly flammable (par. @NUM3) and a fire would be detrimental to both the building and the city. The last obstacle they faced was the law, and they were unable to conquer this. They realized that there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (par @NUM4). The impossibility of the plan was realized for there were too many obstacles to face. The builders gave up hope but the moorings still looms atop the Empire State Building as a reminder of what could have been."	4
"The builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there because of ""nature itself"" and the past problems that happened.An obstacle that the builders faced was providing safety. After the fire in Lakehurst, @LOCATION3, the builders were worried about the issues that might occur, especially when it takes place in downtown New York.Another obstacle was ""nature itself."" Because of the mooring mast being on top of the building, the builders were frightened because of the violent air currents.The last obstacle was that it was a law that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. So it was illegal for an airship to be tied on a building.The builders faced three main obstacles - ""Nature itself,"" a past accident, and the law. Unfortunetly, they were unable to continue their work because the obstacles were just too strong."	3
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to allow dirigibles to land there. One is that the weight of the zeppelin, when tied down to the building, would put immense pressure on the framework and the pressure even would have reached the foundation. The cost of reworking the frame work to make it safer would have been @MONEY1. Another obstacle was public expectations. The Building was supposed to change how we travel forever, all while being a beautiful, magnificent structure. Surely the pressure to build the tallest tower in the world got to them. These expectations were so unreal because most people didn't know enough to understand the safety risk involved.	2
"The Empire State Building at the time it was being built was designed to be the tallest building in the world. However this was not an easy task. The workers had one especially difficult obstacle overcome, @CAPS1 dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. The plan was to build a mooring mast on top of the building which would allow dirigibles to dock. If this could be achieved it was said to make the Empire State Building, ""equipped for an age of transportation..."" However many problems occurred. The dirigibles weight would have to be able to be held safely. The architects knew the weight would put stress on the buildings frame. The workers had to modify and strengthen the buildings framework. The workers also built the mast out of a strong, shiny, chrome-nickel. Another obstacle was faced when the mast was taken in consideration. The framework was originally stopped at the eighty-fifth floor. The workers had to finish the roof before the mast could be framed. Although the workers succeeded on making a safe mast, the ""Aviation Pioneers Dream"" never came to be."	3
"Due to Several factors the Empire State Building faced many obstacles trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. One serious obstacle was that the dirigible moored at the top of the build held only by a tether would stress the buildings frame. In paragraph nine it says ""the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the framework.""Another complication was nature itself. Above the city were strong winds which were constantly shifting due to air currents. This made it impossible to dock. As well as nature working against the mooring mast so was the law. In paragraph fifteen it says ""on existing law against airships flying too low over low urban areas."" Which made it illegal for an airship to ever tie up the the Empire State Building."	3
"The Empire State Building face a lot of obstacles like in paragraph @NUM1, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This was one of the many trouble there was for dirigibles to land on the Empire State building. In paragraph @NUM2, They @CAPS1 to realize that the mooring mast of the @ORGANIZATION1n't of been build, because it wouldn't work."" The Mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfil it's purpose, for reason that should have been apperent before it was ever constructed. The reason that mooring mast was because of nature. As you will see on paragraph @NUM3, ""the Wind were shifting due to violent air currents."" The mooring mast had a lot of problems scinc the beginning when Al Smith put a top to the building making it 1,250. It was unsafe for planes. When they wanted to make the Dirigibles land on top of the building. Dirigibles that came from another countries had hydrogen, which is highly flammable. The problem that worked anginst the mooring mast being buit was wind on top of the building @CAPS2. Because of the air currents. These are the reasons why the mooring mast was unsuccessful on the Empire State Building"	3
"The obstacles the builders faced building the Empire State Building were; the safety, the time.The safety of building the top the Empire State Building got in the way because, it was so tall that it would be hard to lift up the glass and steel parts to the top. Another reason why it was unsafe because if some of the glass or steel part got pushed off the people down be low. Another reason is the blinps flying to close to the buildings and hitting one of them. Also the passengers going on and off of the blinp; they needed to find away that the passengers wouldn't get hurt.The time that they had to build the top of the Empire State Building was not long enough. ""it's on the level, all right. No Kidding. We're working on the thing now."""	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many @CAPS2 in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders had a real hard time with this construction of the morning mast. They had to deal with the frame work of the building. A big obstacle they had was that they didn't have a suitable landing area for the dirigibles. They didn't just have to deal with man made @CAPS2, but nature's @CAPS2 as well. The wind on the top of the building made it nearly impassible to land safely. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). The constructors of the building realized that to make this plan possible they would have to redo the frame of the building. The building wasn't even designed to be able to allow dirigibles to land on the top of the building. The workers were blind to see all the possible problems with the design of the moorning mast. The @CAPS2 the workers had to go through were to much and the landing of the dirigibles never worked."	3
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building had to face a lot of obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that the builders had to face was when they were building the mooring mast to hold the dirigibles. The single cable tether that would hold the dirigibles would add stress to the buildings frame. The builders had to come up with a new idea that would not put stress on the Building. Another obstacle the builders had to face is it would be safe for the passengers. Since the building is so high up the fear of falling out of the dirigible made them worry. One last obstacle that the builders had to face is the ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas,"" it made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building. The builders faced many obstacles while building the mooring mast."	2
@CAPS2 on the excerpt, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building	3
the Empire State building faced many problems.To dock a dirigible, It needed a good/safe dock site. Also, the wind so high up would make it nearly impossible for a dirigible to stay docked. Finally, the dirigible would be very hazardous to the people below because It was extremely Flammable.	2
"In this fascinating story ""The Mooring Mast"" written by author Marcia Amidon Lüsted tell about the Empire State building, & it's enormousity. Although constructing this building took workers time and strength they didn't exactly get the purpose of the mooring mast. There were many reasons why they faced conflicts in attempting to let the dirigibles dock in the mooring mast. For example the dirigible was made up of helium rather than hydrogen, & hydrogen is highly flammable, so if they were to dock in downtown New York City it would have been a complete tragedy. Another reason is because dirigibles were moored in open landing fields, so it could weighted down. Author Marcia writes ""but using these at the empire State building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the streets was neither practical nor safe."" That's how & there's many more reasons why workers have trouble building the mooring mast."	3
In the beginning the use of dirigibles seemed like a good idea. They could be the new form of transportation and appeared to have no flaws. As the development of dirigibles progressed it showed signs of problems. The engineers planned on mooring the dirigible to the mast of the Empire State Building, but that would have added a lot of stress to the building's frame. They next found that safety was an issue. Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium which was flamable. Also they would have to use lead weights to hold down the dirigible when it was being moored. It would be very dangerous to have lead weights dangling over pedestrians on the street. With out the lead weights the dirigible would simply swivel in the air with a possibility of puncturing its shell. Finally there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This made it illegal for the ship to even approach the building. There was high hopes for the use of dirigibles, but in the end they had more cons then pros.	3
"While builders tried to figure out a way for dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, there were some obstacles faced. If a dirigible was held by a single cable, this would add stress to the building's frame. The dirigible would have to be cabled at the top which was also difficult because of the Empire State's flat roof. Also weather was a huge obstacle. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1, line @NUM2) The wind would cause the dirigible to sway and not be very stable. Builders had to also keep in mind that using the building could be harmful to pedestrians as well, the dirigibles would be too close to the ground. The planning of where these aircrafts to land and re-fill was not an easy task for the builders."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, nature, unsafe docking conditions and pre-existing laws against dirigibles were just a few obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced. The main obstacle ""to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"". On the top of a building so high the wind is always switching directions which would cause the dirigible to ""swivel around"". Blimps or dirigibles always landed in open fields and could be weighted down with lead weights, but using this technique ""where they would be dangling high above pedestrians... was neither practical nor safe"". The builders of the Empire State Building also came across ""an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas"". Now this law made it illegal for any airship to dock or tie up to the building. Attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was neither safe, practical or legal."	3
The Empire State Building was in construction the building passed for many obstacles. First, because they wanted to do the biggest build in the world and they had to work hard. The State building was destined to never fulfill its purpose for reason that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed	0
The builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 many obstacals when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. A thousand-foot dirigible at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether would put stress on the buildings fam. The steel frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. Theese are the obstacals they had to @ORGANIZATION1.	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced passengers on existing transatlantic routes and new routes that were yet to come.	0
Some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced were that inside the dirigibles were hydrogen, which is highly flammable. The builders did not want to risk any lives or damage any buildings. They realized how much worse an accident could be if it took place in down town New York.The greatest obstacle was the wind on top of the building. The winds were constantly shifting due to air currents. Also dirigibles would be dangling over pedestrians on the streets below.The last reason is because their was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for them to tie it up to the building or even approach it.	3
"When the architects behind the mooring Mast of the Empire State Building first began there work in designing it, they did not take into account the @CAPS1 that they would have to overcome to dock a dirigible. In the excerpt it States that the mooring mast was not originally part of the design structure for the Empire State Building: however the stresses it would cause in docking a dirigible ""would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation."" This means that the builders would need to design Some way of doing this when the building was already begun. Other @CAPS1 included those of safety. The exerpt tells that ""most dirigibles from outside the U.S. used hydrogen"" which is more flammable than helium. This combined with the fact that there really was no way of securing the tale of a dirigible moored at the mast could cause an accident @CAPS2 to that of the Hindenburg over a ""densely populated area Such as downtown New York"""	3
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Since the German dirigible the Hindenburg was destroyed in New Jersey it would have been more dangerous over a densey populated area like New York where the Empire State building was. the greatest obstacle to the success of the use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were shifting due to air currents. Dirigibles would not be safe dangling high above pedestrians on the street. The major problem architect faced was that dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building because it has a law against airships flying to low over urban areas. Even though it seemed like a good idea at the time, it was not practical or safe.	3
The builders were Building about @NUM1 ft high Above surface, so Safety is an issue. Then a @NUM2 ft @CAPS2 would moore, at the top of Building, held by a single cable tether would add stress to the building (@CAPS2 load would). Also, The Wind pressure would have to be transmitted @NUM3 ft below to the foundation. So its a @CAPS1 that could affect @CAPS3. The @CAPS2 could catch on fire on top of Downtown New York hurting @CAPS3 And its costing a lot of money @NUM4 Dollars.	3
The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was the @CAPS1 had to fix the frame of the building in order to transmit the stress of the dirigible to the bottom of the building. Another obstacle the @CAPS1 faced was the @CAPS1 had to complete the roof before the framing of the mooring mast could take place. The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building also had to make sure that the mast's skeleton was made out of steel so that the mast looked like the rest of the empire State building and not stick out.	2
There were many problems and obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, such as nature itself. At @NUM1 ft. the winds were just too strong and unpredictable to get close to and dock a dirigible. On top of nature, laws prevented the landing. Airships could not fly low over urban areas so even attempting to approach the area would be illegal. This idea still posed a great deal of potential danger even if there were no laws against it and wind didn't exist. Many dirigibles were made using hydrogen, which is highly flammable. In such a highly populated area as New York City if one were to catch fire the damage would be horrifying. I hope Al Smith was willing to pay thousands of dollars for the title of world's tallest building because he didn't get his mast	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow drigibles to dock at the building. Drigibles are enormous steel framed balloons filled with hydrogen and helium maneuvered by the use of propellers and rudders. Al Smith wanted to add a mooring mast to the top of the building would let drigibles to anchor for several hours for refueling or service. But, the stress of the drigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be sent all the way to the buildings Foundation. This cost over @MONEY1 worth of modifications to be made to the framework. In May 6, 1937 when the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey the builders realized how catastrofick it would have been taken place above the densely populated area of downtown New York. The winds at the top of the building would constantly shift due to harsh and violent air currents and the back of the ship would constantly swing around. Also, the existing law against airships flying too low over cities and urban areas would make drigibles not allowed to moor at the Empire State Building. All in all, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow drigibles to dock at the building.	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem, according to the excerpt, is that ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the frame."" They would need to spend over @MONEY1 in order to modify the building's framework. Another issue, ofcourse, was the safety of the mast. Most of the zeppelins from places besides the U.S., did not use helium. Instead, those limbs used hydrogen which is highly flamable and would have caused disaster if ignited above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. The excerpt also states that, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" @CAPS1, there was already a law in place preventing airships from flying too low over urban areas, There fore, it would be illegal for a blimp to attach to or even go near the Empire State Building. For the reasons stated, builders were not able to build a mooring mast a top the Empire State Building."	4
There were many obstacles for the builders of the mast attempting to allow dirigibles to dock, such as laws, nature, and overlooked detail. Laws were an obstacle because of safety risks of having a dirigible over a densely populated area, such as the Hindenburg accident. Nature was a problem because of the violent winds at the top of the mast, which would make the ship unsteady. The last obstacle was that the builders of the mast overlooked all the other obstacles, and safety risks.	2
"There are many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle the builders had to face was they had ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to be made to the building's framework."" Another obstacle the builders faced was meeting the president of a airship transport company and the plan to offer dirigible service across the Pacific Ocean. That is just two of the many obstacles the builders faced while building the Empire State Building."	1
"Based on ""The Mooring Mast"" there were several obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First of all, they couldn't just put a mast a top the building because it would put too much pressure on the building's frame. Also the stress would be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building, which was 11 hundred feet below the mast. So before they could build anything, they had to re-inforce the entire structure of the empire state building. Finally these obstacles were fixed, but those were the obstacles the builders fixed."	2
"The builders @CAPS1 many problems when attempting to build a dirigible dock on the Empire State Building which ranged from legal, to structural, to logistical problems. Firstly there was a law in place which restricted airships From ""flying too low over urban area's"" as explained in paragraph @NUM1. In addition to this legal problem, the builders @CAPS1 the structural problem of putting a mooring mast on top of a skyscraper. According to the article the stress of the dirigible load along with wind pressure would have to be transmited over eleven hundred feet to the foundation. Because of this added weigh over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications were made to the building as cited in paragraph @NUM2. Also the logistics of docking a dirigible at such an altitude were quite challenging. In fact half of the attempted dirigible landings at the Empire State Building were aborted due to high winds. Although a dirigible landing mast would have put the Empire State Building on the forefront of modern travel, it could not be done due to legal, structural and logistical problems."	3
"The builders faced multiple obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building. If the thousand-foot dirigible tried to land on top of the Empire State Building, it ""would add stress to the building's frame"" (paragraph @NUM1). The building would then have to be modified to meet these needs. Nature played as a big obsticle, as well. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (paragraph @NUM2). If the dirigible tried to land, the back of it would swivel around and around the landing zone, creating an unsafe enviroment. Finally, the government also prevented dirigibles from docking on the building. There was, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (paragraph @NUM3). These three main reasons prevented dirigibles from landing on top of The Empire State Building."	3
They get good idea to make that building, but the problems were always big, make plan, design. That was so difficult to make that building.	0
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 faced @CAPS2 of problems. One problem they had was the ""dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted All the way to the Buildings foundation"" (@CAPS3. @NUM1). The @CAPS1 Had to modify and strengthen the building to Accommodate the new situation. The dirigible was @CAPS8 big that they could not even ancker the Back of it to the roof. The @CAPS1 Had A @CAPS6 time trying to figure out How the dirigibles would land Because the wind was @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS6 the pilot could not even controll the dirigible. The @CAPS1 Had to put another Sixty thousand Dollars into it because of the modifications. Al Smith was the one who thought of this Idea. then He realized it wouldn't work. @CAPS8 in the the @CAPS1 finish constructing it But the Dirigibles could not dock there."	3
The obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced was many things surrounding safety and money issues. Successfully docking the dirigible would mean spending over @MONEY1 more, to make arrangements to the building. Also, there were many safety problems such as the gas the dirigible carried, the danger of people below in the city, and it was against the law for airships to be flying so low.	2
Although the mooring mast due to hoist at the top of the Empire State Building was a well thought out plan, it provided some obstacles for builders. The biggest problem was safety. Most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is a highly flammable product. If an accident, such as fire, occurred at the Empire State mooring mast it wouldn't be safe to take place around millions of people such as New York City. Another factor affecting building was nature. The winds above were constantly shifting due to currents. The only way to tie down the dirigibles would be to use weights, but that would also be extremely unsafe to be hanging above a city of people. The last issue was an existing law that prevented airships from flying to low in urban areas. This law makes it illegal for ships to even attempt to tie to the building, therefore it made it nearly impossible for builders to work.	3
"In the artical ""The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the obstacles the builders of the empire Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, One set of engineers here in New York is trying to dope out a practical workable arrangement and the government people in washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to this mast. The architects couldnot simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State buildings flat roof. A thousand- foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frames. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over Sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."	1
"During the construction of the Empire State Building's dirigible dock there were three major obstacles: the wind, the structure, and the safety. The wind was the most obvious flaw in the landing dock because of the rough wind currents at the top of the building. Landing perfectly on the dock was one thing, but staying there was impossible because you would have been whipped around. ""[@ORGANIZATION2 dirigible Los Angeles] feared that the wind would blow the dirigible on to the sharp spires of other buildings of the area, which would puncture the shell."" (paragraph @NUM1)The problem of structuring the mast to hold the balloon would also become a structural obstical because ""[they] couldn't simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (paragraph @NUM2) To get the structure sound enough to land a dirigible they would have to do sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the framework.Lastly, landing a huge metal balloon ontop of the largest skyscraper, over millions of citydwellers, even when they knew the balloons were highly flamable, was one of the reasons the mooring mast didn't work out. Although there were two attempts of landing, neither succeeded, and now the mast is there only for decoration."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building came upon some problems when putting in the dock for dirigibles. First, the sheer height of the building makes catching the dirigibles dangerous because of the tower's structure @CAPS1, If the dirigible was to crash, it would be falling onto a big citie's streets. Finally, most dirigibles were filled with hydrogen and that is highly flammable. That is why the mooring mast was dangerous.	2
some of the obstacles the builders went throw was that they had to make many changes, such as they could not just drop a mast on top of the Buildings flat roof. The blimp would give the building stress held by a single cable. the blimps load and pressure from the wind would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. The @CAPS1 could have to be strengthened to accommodate this new situation. over sixty thousands of dollars for the new frame work.	2
"In the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the mooring mast had to face obstacles that hindered the success of the docking of the dirigibles. First, the architects had to design the mast. They knew that the frame of the Empire state building would have to be strengthened to carry the load and wind pressure of the dirigible. Therefore, they ""designed the mooring mast and made changes to the existing plans for the buildings skeleton"" and planned for the reconstruction of the building and mast. Workers were excited with their plans and ready to watch the launch of a revolutionary moment. However, once they realized the many problems with their construction plan, they faced many roadblocks that prevented the plan to follow through. ""Most dirigibles... used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable,"" proving that the mooring mast was unsafe and could lead to potential accidents. Also, ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". Showing the physical insecurity of the ship on the dirigible. Lastly, the law states restrictions on airships flying too low, and the dirigibles would be breaking that law. Even though builders wanted to provide a launching pad for the dirigibles and had an ideal design, there were too many faults that made the mooring mast impossible to bring to reality. Clearly, the builders faced many problems that could not have been solved in trying to allow the dirigibles to dock"	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, workers building the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles, or blimps to dock there. At first Al Smith, who headed efforts to construct the Empire State Building, was really trying to win ""... the title of world's tallest building..."" against the architect building the Chrysler Building. Then Al Smith had an idea that would make his building over @NUM1 taller than the Chrysler building. Al Smith decided he would add a to the building to serve as a mooring mast for derigibles. ""The Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made..."". ""The architects and engineers of the Empire State Building consulted with the experts..."" to make sure everything would be safe and in check. The builders went through such trouble and ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fufill its purpose..."". After so much work and effort the mooring mast never got put to use because ""Dirigibles moored... at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."""	2
In building the Empire State Building, builders had to deal with numerous obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle was what the dirigibles would attach to. Builders thought that by adding a mooring mast it would make docking easy, although they disregarded the building's foundation. The builders realized that the foundation was not nearly strong enough to accommodate dirigibles, so over an additional sixty thousand dollars was spent to make it stronger. Builders then had to brainstorm how passengers would board, along with a place for baggage and ticketing. To resolve this, a glassed-in observation area and open observation platform were constructed. Another obstacle was the existing airship law for how low they could fly. The dirigibles clearly went against this law and the idea for using the mast for docking. After failed attempts at docking the idea went away, and builders realized the plan would never work.	3
"While building the Empire State building, the builders faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The original problem was figuring out how to get the dirigible onto the building. After consulting with the Navy as well as meeting with the president of newly formed ""airship transport company."" After this they thought they were past the rough of it, but there were many obstacles to come. Next, as they began constructing the mass, they realised with the height of the building, dirigibles landing would ""add stress to the building's frame."" The frame of the building would have to be modified to help fix this problems, and it cost over @MONEY1 to make these modifications. The prior two obstacles had been resolved, but the next bunch of obstacles caused the attempt, of dirigibles to dock, to stop in its tracks. Many safety problems posed as obstacles for the building team. It could be very dangerous, as some gases used in dirigibles are extremely flameable. Another obstacle is the ability to safely dock, at such high altitudes, with ""constantly shifting"" air currents. All of these problems were amplified because it was even more unsafe for these problems to exist in such a populated area. The build team was able to overcome some obstacles, but some caused too many potential problems to be fixed."	4
Al Smith and his group of architects encountered many problems when they attempted to build a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building in order to dock dirigibles. Before they began building, the architects realized that they could not land a dirigible on the buildings flat roof. They had to make over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications to the framework before they could think of docking dirigibles there. After they finished building the conical top of the Empire State Building, the team working on the project realized that dirigibles could never be docked at the Empire State Building for several reasons. First, landing dirigibles was dangerous to the people of the city. Dirigibles contained hydrogen, which is highly flammable, and if there was an accident like the Hindenburg in New York City, the damage would be devastating. Nature also prevented dirigibles from docking at the Empire State Building; air currents were too powerful, and if the ship did land, it would swivel around the spire of the building. It was possible to prevent this by putting lead weights into the back of the dirigible, but this was also unsafe for the people that lived underneath. The last obstacle the architects faced was an existing law that prevented airships from flying too low over urban areas. Although the architects had a great idea, they never realized why it would not work until after building.	4
There were many obstacles that stood in the way of the of allowing dirigibles to dock there. The layout of how the mast would be used was not carefully thought out. One reason is because must dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, which was highly flammable. Due to the fact the dirigible would be relatively in close proximity with the pedestrians and other buildings, it would be unwise to use the mast. In addition there was an existing law stating that the dirigible could not fly low in urban areas, which it would do just that if it attached to the mast. Also, the force of the wind could spin the back of the dirigible, causing it to go around and around the mast. The solution would be to put heavy blocks in the back that could cause it to fall on top of the pedestrians. Overall, there were many reasons why it was unreasonable to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
The builders of the Empire State built two floors just for the passengers to drop off their luggage. They had a view in those floors, and was the idea didn't work, they wasted money on those extra rooms.They started working on the build and attempt to make dirigibles dock on the top, but they wasted alot of time and money, and it was just a waste altogether.	1
"When allowing dirigibles to dock of the empire state building they were faced with many obstacles. One of the many obstacles the builders were faced with was the empire state building was not well structured to hold a dirigible of @NUM1 ft and the buildings structure would need to be modified to altleast sisty thousand dollars more. Another obstacle the builders had faced was the dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium so hydrogen was very flamable This ment they didnt want something bad to take place above the building and in a ""populated area like downtown new york"". The last main obstacle they had to face was the mooring mast was always differer by the nature around it and the dirigibles would wear on its causing danger to people in the town of new york. Those were the few obstacles the builders had on allowing drigibles to dock near the empire state building"	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire state building. @PERSON1 says in the excerpt ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" This shows that in order for the dirigibles to dock on the top of the Empire State Building, there must be enough landing space. If a mooring mast was added to the top of the building it would only allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours, for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on. One of the others practical reason why dirigibles could not moore at the Empire State building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The architects could also not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, could add stress to the building's frame. So the builders of the Empire State Building did not allow the dirigibles to dock on top of thier building. Also because of everything that could happen to the building."	2
"In the excerpt from, ""The @CAPS1 Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it was mentioned that architects faced challenges when attempting when allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building One obstical they faced was the fact that they used hydrogen instead of helium. In the excerpt it said that hydrogen is highly flammable @CAPS2 if something went wrong it could be a huge problem in a highly populated area like New York. The main problem they faced was the nature itall. It said ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" The dirigible has the potential to swivle around the mast and with all the pedestrians below that is very dangerous. These challenges are what led to the fate of the mooring mast not being used as originaly planned"	3
One of the obvious reasons is the height of all this taking place. The strong, always changing winds, the winds were a problem because it would make the back of the blimp sway from side to side. Another problem was trying to stop the swaying of the ship, they consulted putting lead weights, but hanging weights above pedestrians is not safe at all. Another reason was, it was against the law to fly aircrafts to low to the ground. These are just some of the reasons why this wasn't gonna to work.	3
"In the excerpt, ""The @CAPS1 Mast,"" by @PERSON1, the architects of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.One of the problems the builders encountered was that the dirigible didn't have a suitable landing area. The architechs concluded that they couldn't just drop a @CAPS1 mast on top of their building, because it would add stress to its frame, so they had to strengthen, and modify it to make it work.Another obstacle. was the fact that most dirigibles ran on hydrogen, which is highly flamable. The builders realized how dangerous that could be, especially above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. They also realized that nature itself was their biggest obstace. Winds were constatly shifting due to violent air currents and they knew that this idea was neither practical nor safe. Lastly, There was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas, which would make their idea illegal and unsuccessful."	3
"Many obstacles took place while builders of the Empire State building attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. The stress of the blimps docking on the building would be too much. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation"". Another problem was that dirigibles were highly flameable and in such a highly populated area of New York it ""was neither practical nor safe"". Laws against airships flying too low over urban areas worked against the idea but two dirigibles did attempt to reach the building before the entire idea was dropped."	3
One obstacle the builders of the Empire state Building in attempt to allow dirigibles was, the stress from the mass & the dirigible and wind pressure would all be transmitted to the buildings foundation. The frame of the building would have to be strengthened to accommodate the new situation. There were also safety reasons. Since most states used hydrogen in stead of helium and hydrogen is flammable. If something were to happen and the dirigible was to catch fire. The fire could destroy New York City since it's so densely populated. The biggest obstacle was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. It the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Plus it	3
"Having the empire state building dock and hold dirigibles brought up so hefty problems for the builders. Most of the problems resided among the idea of a mast, Al Smith knew that the mass would put to much pressure on the building frame, another was the baloon it's self, besides the U.S. most dirigibles were made of hydrogen rather than helium. The hydrogen made it much more dangerous to have in the crowded down town New York area, because hydrogen was much more flamable. a third obstacl was the winds as said ""the winds on top of the building were constantley shifting due to violent air currents."" It was also illegal to fly/hold or dock a air craft so close to the ground. The docking and holding of the dirigibles at the Empire State building brought many issues and delemas making it hard to carry out such a idea for such a tall building."	3
"Throughout the short story The Mooring Mast, the builders faced many obstacles to complete their vision. For example the workers had to design a mast that would take ""the stress of the dirigible's load"" (@NUM1). The cable at the top was stated to not be able to maintain the stress the dirigible would produce, so the engineers had to develope a new solution to distribute the weight of the dirigible evenly. This cost them time and money due to the massive hight of the empire state building. the architects also had to do extra research to develope the mast. The workers took tours of the U.S. Naval Air Station and met with the president of the airship transport company just so they could be sure the dirigibles would land in a safe secure way. These obsticles had to be faced in order to produce their unrealistic dream."	3
The Empire State Building was to be the tallest building ever made. At the top, was to be an accesable docking station for dirigibles called mooring masts. The idea of haveing a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building caused the whole building to be modified. It costed over sixty thousand dollars in modifications to accommodate the mooring mast. This project was the first of its kind and had many obsticles like the modifications. Some of those obsticles included the violent air currents and constant change in wind direction on top of the building. With the wind changes, the dirigible could swing around and hit the building or other buildings and fall on the densely populated New York City below. The solution to this was to tie lead bricks to the tail of the dirigible like what is used in the feilds when they land. Although the bricks keep the tail from moveing around, having them hang over a thousand feet above pedestrians was not save. In the end the idea of docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building was disbanded due to many problems that could arise.	3
In this excerpt The Mooring Mast by, Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstical was to make the building taller than the Chrysler Building, but they overcame that with the desion to add a top or a hat to the building. They then had to accomidate with the new situation that new modifications had to be done so that the dirigible would not add stress to the buildings frame, since the steel frame of the building could not with stand the load and wind pressure that would transmitt nearly @NUM1 feet below. The biggest obstacles that led to the fate of the mast was the fact of, since most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen which was very flammable, and they could not have any accidents taking place above downtown New York. Nature itself was the greatest obstacle though because, of the constant shifing winds. The dirigibles could be weighted down in the back with lead weights but with them dangling high above pedestrians on the street was not safe or practical. There was also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. These are the obsticals that builders faced in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. To begin, the architects were unable to just drop the mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof. This was due to the fact that a dirigible held by a cable would add stress to the building's frame. Though this was an obstacle, the architects spent over @MONEY1 on modifications to the frame to remedy the problem.Another major problem with the idea of the mooring mast was general safety. First off, most foreign dirigibles use hydrogen, as compared to helium, to stay aloft. This problem lay within the fact that hydrogen was highly flammable, and after the Hindenburg catastrophe in 1937, architects became concerned that the same accident could occur over downtown @LOCATION1.In addition, the mast idea proved unsafe due to violent wind currents. To keep from blowing around, dirigibles needed lead weights, which couldn't be allowed to dangle over busy city streets. In conclusion, a final obstacle was a law that prevented airships from flying too low over urban a city. This made it legal for all airships to tie up or ******** this area. Those were the obstacles facing the architects.	4
There were many obsticles the builders faced when attempting to dock dirigibles on the Empire State Building. First off, there was a great safety concern. Many dirigibles from foriegn countries used helium instead of hydrogen; while helium is very flamlable, therefore the dirigible might explode. Second, the wind made it very challenging to dock the dirigibles. The winds were always changing because the violent air currents. Finally, there was already a law in place against airships flying to low over urban areas. So even if they fixed the other problems it would still be illegal to dock the dirigibles. Those are some problems the builders faced when attempting to dock dirigibles.	3
The obstacles the builders went through lallow dirigibles to dock there was that they wanted to put a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State buildings flat roof, but the problem was that the stress of the dirigible's load also the heavy wind pressure had to be transmitted to the buildings foundation, in which was about @NUM1 ft below. And since they had to do that The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the situation	2
Some of the obstacles facing the builders was if they were to add on the mooring mast they would have to strengthen the building integrity. This is necessary because once the mast goes the wind, pressure would have been transmitted all the way down to its foundation. More floors would have to be added to house elevators and stairs to a ticket and laggage area. They had to find a way to attach the mooring mast to the foundation, which is nearly @NUM1 feet below.	2
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems while trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the mask. One obstacle involved dropping ""A mooring mask on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (paragraph @NUM1). If they had done this, the mask would have added a great amount of stress to the building's foundation. As a result, the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened but this was too costly. Another obstacle the use of hydrogen rather than helium in foreign dirigibles. Hydrogen is a highly flammable gas and if a dirigible had accidently caught on fire, a great amount of damage could be caused. However, the greatest obstacle involved the harsh wind current on top of the Empire State Building. Even if the dirigible was ""Tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around"" (paragraph @NUM2). The use of lead weights to anchor the dirigible down while ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe"" (paragraph @NUM2). In conclusion, while building the mast on the Empire State Building, the architects and builders faced many obstacles."	4
1.) dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the @NUM1.) they had a top speed of @NUM2 miles plus cruise at @NUM3 miles per @NUM4.) Some were as long as @NUM5 feet.	0
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the author describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible (blimps) to dock there. The original purpose of the mast was to serve as a landing spot for dirigibles, also known as blimps.     In paragraph 6 the author states ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building: A mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refuling or service, and let passengers off and on."" That's one obstacle of his company. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""the mooring mast and made changes to the existing plans for the buildings skeleton, construction proceeded as planned."" The buildings structure didn't really help the dirigibles much."	1
The obstacles the builders of the empire State building faced was that the wind, the climate was always a risk and the height of the building was also a chalange for the builders of the empire State building.  	1
While attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, the builders ran into a few obstacles. One obstacle was a previously existing law about airships flying too low over urban areas like downtown New York. Another problem the builders ran into was high winds causing the back end of the dirigible to swing in the wind, making it unsafe for passengers unloading. Unlike dirigibles moored in open fields, lead weights could not be used to weigh the back of the dirigible down because they would be dangerous for pedestrians on the street. Another safety issue was most balloons outside the United States filled dirigibles with hydrogen which is much more flammable than helium. Dirigibles filled with hydrogen could cause a disaster if it ever caught on fire. Although the idea seemed great at first, the builders at the Empire State Building realized it was not practical or safe.	3
It show that in the Future the @CAPS1 Building was never fufill it Purpose to use.and that it is the @CAPS2 Building in new york.	0
"There was many obstacles in the way of adding a mooring dock to the top of the Empire State Building. First was that new many modifications would have to be added to the frame of the building. This is because the previous frame could not hold the extra weight of a @NUM1 dirigible hanging from 1 cable. These additions would take ""1 over sixty thousand dollars"" plus extra time and effort,. Another huge problem was saftey. Winds around New York were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would lead to the blimb wraping around the tower and possibly break off or worse. Not to mention that all around was a densely populated city and any accident could cause much more destruction than normal. Forgein dirigibles also used mass amounts of hydrogen, which proven at Hindenburg, could explode into a massive flaming dunk of steel. This chance would be magnified with the weather and any accident would have high human and property costs. Finally, It was illegal for blimbs to fly low near a city, making the whole project illegal. As you can see there is many problems with having a blimb docking center on the Empire State Building."	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced were that first, the mast designed to go ontop of the Empire State Building was thought up just to make it the worlds tallest building, not because it was necessary, so alot of problems ar ose. This mast was designed to be a dirigible docking station, which, at the time, blimps were very unsafe, and  lacked a suitable landing area so this was thought to be a great opportunity to give them a place anchor for a few hours for refueling, service, and to let passengers on and off. A mooring mast couldn't be simply dropped on top, as it would add stress to the building's frame, so the steel frame had to be modified, and took over sixty thousand dollars' to do so. After Construction took place, it was then decided if an incident, such as the Hindenburg occurred again, it would be much worse over a densely populated area such as downtown New York. But the largest obstacle was nature itself, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting, due to violent air currents, and although tethered to the mast, the back of the ship would swivel around, the usage of lead weights could solve this problem, but because they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, it was neither practical nor safe. There was also an existing law against air ships flying too low over urban areas.	3
Although constructing a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building seemed like a good idea, a number of obstacles prevented this theory from becoming reality. The builders and architects had to change the frame of the building completely to accommodate the weight of the mast, and this costed over sixty thousand dollars. Another problem was that most dirigibles outside the @LOCATION1 use hydrogen over helium, which was very flammable, and if a dirigible suffered the same fate as the Hindenburg, it would cause a much greater accident at ground level. The greatest challenge that the mast faced was constanly shifting winds from violent air currents. This caused the back of the ship swivel around the mast, even when tied to it, which caused a problem. Most importantly there was already an existing law that prevented dirigibles from flying too low over urban areas, so it would be illegal for the dirigible to approach the building, let alone tie up to it. Although the mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building seemed like a good idea, this feat couldn't be accomplished due to the obstacles.	4
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many challenges by attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.The first problem, presented in paragraph nine, was that they hadn't originally designed the building to hold a one thousand foot dirigible with a single rope."" A thousand - foot dirigible moored at the top of the building.... Would add stress to the buildings frame."" @CAPS1 had to reinforce the building to handle this new stress.The second problem, introduced in paragraph thirteen, was that the dirigibles are made out of a dangerous element, ""Hydrogen is very flammable."" The Empire State building builders did not want to take their chances over such a populated area.In paragraph fourteen, the reader learns that wind speed at the top of the building far surpassed wind speed in other places that dirigibles could be docked. This was a problem because when they normally tied down the back end of the dirigible with a rope & led, they could no longer do because of the location that they desire to dock it. The builders of the empire state building atempted to fight architectural flaws, dirigibles safety flaws, and the flaws of nature allow dirigibles to dock there which ultimately didn't work out."	3
"Based on the excerpt, the morning mast there were @CAPS1 obstacals builders faced attempting to allow dirigibles to @CAPS2 on the empile state Building. Building a @NUM1 ft tall building was hard adding a Mast Would be even harder. Allowing a dirigible land and on the empire State building would be dangerous. The german dirigible the @CAPS3 Was destroyed causeing @CAPS4 of damage. ""The owners of the empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been If It had taken Place above a densely Populated area Such as down town"". There fore The mast was Put up but never was used as a dirigible @CAPS2."	2
Technology was not caught up to the dirigibles. they could not dock because neither the building nor the dirigible had the righ equipment and that was one of the obstacle that the builders of the Empire State building faced. For @CAPS1: when they have to delivery the newspaper.	0
The architects of the mooring mast were blind to the amount of problems that could have arisen. Balloons are not very strong and if they didn't already know, it's windy on the top of the empire state building. The wind Could drive the drigible right into its spikey doom. They had no real way of keeping the drigible contained because usually lead blocks held it down. From 102 stories in the air, that wasn't the safest plan. Also, most non-@CAPS1 dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium. In a crowded New York City, a fireball like that would be devastating due to hydrogen being highly flammable. The builders really should have planned this out better.	3
When Designing the dock for dirigibles on the top of the empire state Building there were @CAPS1 oBstacles that the @CAPS2 and the @CAPS3 were faced with. One proBlem was they couldent @CAPS4 drop the mooring mast on top of the empire state Building Because it was too @CAPS5 for the frane of the Building. So Because of that proBlem The @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 had to come up with a way to modifey the frame of the Building so that the Building could put up with the added stress of the mooring mast. Another problem that they were faced with was that it was @CAPS4 too dangerous. I was deemed dangerous Because most dirigibles were filled with Hydrogen which was extremely flammable and they couldent @CAPS8 having @CAPS9 happend to the Hindenburg happen 102 floors aBove city streets that were crowded with people. So those Were @CAPS4 a few oBsticals that @CAPS2 were faced with when building the mooring mast on top of the empire state Building	3
"There were many obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First off as stated in para graph @NUM1, ""A thousand-foot drigible moored at the top of the building... would add stress to the buildings frame."" This shows an obstacle because in order to enable this to happen, over @MONEY1 of funds would be needed. The funds leading to the stregthing and modification of the steel frame. Thus needing to redo the fundamental building blocks of the operation. Second the greatest concern was safety. This is brought to hand because most drigibles are very flammable. They consist of Helium, which is a extremly flammable gas. Also if the drigible were to mount to the top of the Empire State Building, the back of it would be swaying around and around. This possibly having a chance of dis-mounting and it crashing into a densly populated area of people. These are some reasons that the obstacles of attempting to allow drigibles to dock on the top of the empire state building."	3
"To design a mast for the dirigibles to land was no easy matter architects could not just plop a mooring mast on top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof The stress from a thousand foot dirigible would transmit weight and wind pressure all the way to the foundation. To be able to create this mast the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthend. First, the architects ""designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a steeped-back design that imitated the overall shapp of the building itself."" This rocket shapped mast would have four wings at its corners of aluminum and would rise to a conical roof that would house the mooring arm. For the winches and control machinery for the dirigible mooring, they would be placed in the back of the machinery. Finnally, when this was all completed the existing plans for the building were to be put in place."	1
"The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles to have dirigibles dock there. First off, it was a huge safety issue; ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen... hydrogen is highly flamible"" (paragraph @NUM1) if an accident happened (lets say to the magnitude of the Hindenburg) over New York City, thousands of people could die because of this highly flamible substance. Secondly a very large problem was to successfully use the mooring mast. ""The winds at the top of the building work constantly shifting due to air currents"" (paragraph @NUM2). If the wind was out of controll and the dirigible wasn't tied down right, the harsh winds could be dangerously dangeling over the people of New York. Amongst many other reasons and the use of common sense, it is clear that the construction of this mooring mast should never have ever been thought of as a reality."	2
"In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted you learn about the plans for the Empire State Building but, you also learn why the Mooring Mast cannot be used for it's original purpose. The Mooring Mast was planned to be used as a docking station for dirigibles, or blimps. One reason why the Mooring Mast could not dock these is because places outside of the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium. The excerpt states ""Most dirigibles outside of the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable."" (¶ @NUM1) @CAPS1 they did not a huge fire in a highly populated area. Another reason why it would not work was violent air currents. The excerpt states ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would be wirled around the mooring mast."" (¶ @NUM2) @CAPS1 with that problem they would have to worry about the mast being taken out. The last reason is because of a law. The excerpt states ""an existing law against airships flying too lower over urban areas"" (¶ @NUM3) The building mast was to close to humans to let them dock there. @CAPS1 while the mast was a brilliant idea it could not be done now it is only a dream."	4
"The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. for example it would have been almost impossible to dock with the violent winds blowing at that height. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". It would not have been @CAPS2 to land a dirigible there because the text is saying the winds at that height were not stable and that the ship would be tossing and turning in the air. Another obstacle the @CAPS1 faced was the law of airships flying to low to the ground. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" That's saying that even if a dirigible could moor at the Empire State Building, It's illegal because all airships have to fly a certain height over urban area. The workers building the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The obstacles were just to great to overcome. Thus no dirigibles have successfully docked there, and none ever will."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there like nature, law, and of the sharp spire. Nature was proably the biggest problem because you can't control wind. The wind at the top of the Empire State Building were so strong cause ""... the back of the ship would swivel around and around..."" This would make it hard to land and unland the dirigibles. Law was also a problem. There was a law that prevented ""... airships flying too low over urban areas."" The spire at the top of the building was sharp enough to pop the dirigibles that flew over it. If a dirigible was to hit it it would pop the dirigible and kill many people below."	3
"The one obstacle the builders had when trying to build this building was not away for the dirigibels landing to be convinient for all. The dirigibels have a very fast speed of eight miles per hour, and they were as big as four blocks of New York City, paragraph @NUM1. This was a problem for the builders because the dirigibels were very big, and the building it self as well. The siz was a problem because the enormouse dirigibels woud not be landing in the right space. Having lack of time was always a problem because the building would not be completed on time. The builders always had to hold back because ""engineers consulted with experts... architects met with presidents"" paragraph @NUM2. Holding back on the making of the buiding to meet with thouse people took away time. When there is something very high, and wide in the way there will be a problem."	0
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building is that they Could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law agains airships flying too low over Urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area, although two dirigibles did attempt to reach the building before the entire idea was dropped.	2