essay	domain1_score
Him from the start, there would have been many problems with allowing dirigibles to dock some @NUM1 feet in the air. The major problem here would be that the Empire State building was being constructed in New York City, a highly populated area. Below the mooring mast would be several other buildings were other people worked and lived. If something happened while he dirigible was attempting to dock, it could take out the building and the lives of the people in it. Not only that, but below were the city streets, where pedestrians walked. In paragraphs @NUM2, the passage also talks about the stress of a heavy, steel framed airship mooring at the top of the building. The frame would need to be very dense and, as the architects of the project discovered expensive. Other safety issues include the high winds that would drift the dirigibles off course, and the safety of dirigibles themselves. The passage mentions the Hindenburg incident, as well as the worry the owners of the building had about that happening over such a densely populated area.	3
The obstacles the builders face were great. They explained how most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 use a different gas called hydrogen which is highly flammable. Following that they told @LOCATION1 how Hindenburg by fire in 1937 which used hydrogen. They realized if this had happen in a urban area it could have been worse. Anthore obstacle they faced was the wind. If the dirigible was parked at mooring mast the violent wind speeds would make the Blimp shift and cause strees on the building steel frame. The greatest obstacle was the law passed. The law stated that no airships could fly to low in urban areas. This would keep blimps from landing there.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast. Al Smith was the architect, and man behind the idea of the Empire State building. He and the maker of the Chrysler building were competing against eachother to construct the world's tallest building. To make the Empire State building bigger than the Chrysler building, Smith was going to construct somthing that John Tauranac stated, ""Would be equipped for an age of transportation that was only the dream of aviation pioneers"". That dream was to travel by blimp. The Empire State Building was going to have a mooring mast at its top for the dock of air ships. It was not going to be as easy as the concept. The architects couldn't drop a mooring mass on the roof because it would stress the buildings frame. The greatest reason the mast would never fufill its destiny was for safety. The excerpt states, ""Most derigibles used hydrogen"". Hydrogen is flammable. There was also a law that was, ""against air ships flying too low over urban areas"". After numberous attempts and modifications, the idea was shelved."	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area. A mooring mast added to the top of the building would dirigible's to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on, the electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mast. The body of the dirigible could swing in the breeze, and get passengers could safely get on and off The dirigible by walking down a gang @CAPS1 to an open observation platform. They of the Empire state Building consulted with experts, taking tours of the equipment and mooring operations of the U.S. Naval Air station in Lakehurst, New Jersey.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One major obstacle was constructing a mooring mast that would not threaten the buildings structure. The builders had to modify and strengthen the frame of the Empire State Building. According to the excerpt ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the framework."" Another big obstacle was safety. At the Empire State Building's hight it would have been illegal to land a dirigible. The dirigibles, at that time, were filled with hydrogen. If the dirigible ever exploded, it would threaten the hundreds. of pedestrians on the streets of New York City."	3
"The builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's Foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred Feet below."" The winds current would cause the dirigible to drag the building with it because the wind current is very strong. The weight of the dirigible and the pressure of the wind may cause the building to collapse."" Al Smith realized that he was close to losing the title of the world's tallest building, and on December 11, 1929, he announced that the Empire State Building would now reach the height of 1,250 Feet."" Al Smith didn't want to lose his title so he decides to to make the building taller. The taller the building gets the stronger the wind current will be the more it adds on the building."" Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" Dirigibles should land in wide open areas where there isn't anything to harm the blimp, citizens, and passengers. The gases that are used to @CAPS1 the dirigible to make it lighter than air are highly Flammable. These are some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building had to @CAPS2."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring @CAPS1"", by: Marcia Amidon @CAPS2 the builders of the empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose due to many reasons and many obstacles. One of those many reason was that most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Furthermore the biggest obstacle to the sucessful use of morning mast was nature itself. Due to the reason that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the Street, was neither practical nor safe. The other obstacles was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area, although two dirigibles did attempt to reach the building for the entire idea was dropped. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many hard obstacles.  "	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Although the builders thought it to be a brilliant idea, they did not carefully consider the safety hazards they may have encountered, and how unrealistic the idea truly was. One of the greatest reasons the mooring mast was destined to be unable to fulfill its purpose was because of safety concerns. In paragraph @NUM1 it states ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen... and hydrogen is highly flammable."" When a dirigible was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse an accident like that would be if it occurred over a place as densely populated as downtown New York. Another very practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the top of the building was, as stated in paragraph @NUM2, ""there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" That would make it impossible for a dirigible to even approach the area, let alone be able to tie up to the building. It is very apparent that the builders of the Empire State Building faced many issues in the attempt."	3
Builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A one thousand-foot dirigible, attached to a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings framed if the dirigible was placed at the top of the building. The buildings frame would have to be strengthened and modified to accommodate the situation. Over @MONEY1 worth of modifications would have to be installed into the framework. some other obstacles builders faced was the safety. The dirigibles ran on hydrogen which is flammable. Another obstacle was the weather. The winds shifted at the top of the Empire State building were shifting due to violent air currents. One last obstacle was an existing law that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. The idea of a dirigible quietly disappeared.	3
Based on the story it all started when they had build the empire state building and the workers should have knowned that the building was too big for the wind climate, up in the sky and plus when you make a building like that you have to make sure it's strong enough to keep balance.                         They faced problem's like when the U.S. tried to make a deal with them if they would let them use the top of the building for a dock to let civilians on the deck, and after they made a law that no more blimps can land on the dock a blimp attempted to land on the dock.	1
"Thraghat The process of attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire state building the builders faced many obstacles. The first obstacle that the bilders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there occurred in the actual ""building"" process. Because the mast wald add to much stress to the frame of the building if simply attached to its flat roof, the buldas had to reconstruct the steel frame of the building in order to safely place the mast on top, a very expensive and time consuming project. Another obstacle that the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire state building had to to with nature itself. Because the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting the back of the ship wald swivel around the mooring mast which was very unsafe. The laws against airships flying too low over urban areas also proved to be an obstacle because the Ships would never be able to actually approach the area. In conclusion, the builders faced many obstacles during construction for the dirigibles."	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by @PERSON1, the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The greatest obstacle the builders had to overcome was the winds were constantly changing because of the air currents. Another reason why dirigibles weren't allowed to dock on the empire state building was because many dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION3 used Hydrogen which is very flammable. So if one blew up like it did in Lakehurst, New Jersey more people would be effected by it. Yet another reason why dirigibles weren't allowed to dock there is because they could use lead weights to weigh down the back of the blimp because that would be dangerous for the people below Another reason why dirigibles weren't allowed is because of the sharp spires of the other buildings in the area. If a Navy captain was afraid of having his blimp poped then no one should be allowed. The last reason was that there was a law saying that air ships can't fly too low over urban Areas. Those with the obstacles the builders could never overcome."	4
"In The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Al Smith wanted to add a ""top"" or a ""hat"" to the Empire State Building that would function as a docking station for dirigibles. The dream was not ment to be.The first of many problems was getting the mooring mast, docking station, on top of the building. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" A dirigible would only be held by one cable.The dirigible's load and the wind presure would have to be transmitted all the way down the building. There were also safety problems. A lot of dirigibles used hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flammable. It is also very windy around the Empire State Building. The dirigibles would have to hang sandbags by ropes. These would hang above the people below. The mooring mast was a good idea, but the builders faced to many problems. The project was never completed."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring @CAPS1"" by Marcia Amidon lusted theres alot of problems when trying to add a dock for dirigibles at the top. One problem or obstacle was the safety of the dirigible itself, ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly inflammable."" (@NUM1). Another obstacle was nature itself, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@NUM2). The last problem was the existing law aganist airships flying too low over cities or urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" (@NUM3). These are three reasons why in the excerpt ""The mooring @CAPS1"" by marcia Amidon lusted that there were alot of problems when trying to add a dock for drigibles."	3
"Most of the obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building had were due to weather. If New York ever had a windy day the dirigible would pull at the mast. The mast is attached to the ""@CAPS1"" of the building, and it might affect the frames or ""@CAPS1"" of the building. Another reason is the danger it would bring to all of New York. If a dirigible ever hit something or something went wrong the dirigible would @CAPS3 on top of New York. With all the trafic of New York you would most likly not want a burning dirigible falling overhead."	2
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles were long; some were as long as one thousand feet. Dirigibles were docked by an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front to the back. The architects could not drop a mooring mast on top of the building. A one thousand-foot dirigible held by only a single winch would be to heavy for the buildings frame. In order for it to work it would have to be strengthened to accommodate the one thousand foot dirigibles. This would be a process worth over sixty thousand dollars, just for the framework. Another obstacle was safety. Dirigibles out of the United States contained helium meaning it was highly flammable. If an accident would occur like in Lakehurst, New Jersey then a lot more people would be harmed considering downtown New York was densely populated. Other obstacles were made for the builders of the Empire State building which proves that it was not a good idea to dock dirigibles.	3
"Obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were some of the following. They needed an exact way of getting everything perfect for the job. The whole building process for this job was very complicating and needed the best expertese.In paragraph @NUM1, Al Smith's quote greatly backs up to my point. He says ""one set of engineers here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement and the Government people in Washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to the mast"". It tells just how much people are working on this job.In conclusion, this was a complicated job. They weren't positive if the mast even be able to stay. They also werent positive if the fluids inside would be but a problem factor."	1
The builders of the Empire State building faced many challenges in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring at the top of the building. The main challenge was caused by nature itself. The winds above the building were constantly blowing and shifting direction. This would cause any dirigible attempting to dock swing around and below in the wind, which poses many safty risks for passengers going on and off the zepplen. The dirigible could also puncture its frame on nearby buildings while attempting to dock, which also causes safty risks for people on the building and on the ground. Have a zepplen attatched to the building also made it structurally unstable and modifications had to be made the frame of the building to give it more support. In the end, the idea was dropped because it would never work and was unrealistic.	3
"Some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attemting to allow dirigibles to dock there are safty and nature.                                                                                                                         Safty was an obstacle because most dirigibles from outside the U.S used hydrogen instead of helium and because hydrogen is flammible it was not safe at all because it could have caught fire just like the ""Hindenburg caught fire in 1937 so the owners of the Empire state building saw how it was unsafe for the public and the building. Nature is another obstacle because the wind currents on the top of the building kept shifting because of violent air currents. Those are some examples of some obstacles the builders of the Empire state building had."	3
"Although high expectations were concieved for the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, as explained in the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1. The dream of having a mooring mast to dock new airships was quickly halted when architects first discovered the stress that a dirigible, held by a single cable tether, would add to the building's fame. As a result, ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would...be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation...nearly eleven hundred feet below"" (paragraph @NUM1). Consequently, architects had to reinforce the buildings framework to accommodate the tremendous amounts of stress. Secondly, the owners of the Empire State Building found that a law concerning airships became an obstacle as well. Stating that airships could not fly too low over populated urban areas, the law became another practical reason why dirigibles could not moor atop the miraculous building. Finally, architects had also discovered the greatest obstacle to their success to be nature itself. The winds atop the building were described to be violent, forceful and unpredictable. As a result, mooring dirigibles to the mast ""where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe"" (paragraph @NUM2). Moreover, the violent winds made it difficult for dirigibles to approach the mooring mast. In December 1930, the captain of the U.S. Navy dirigible ""Los Angeles"" feared that ""the wind would blow the dirigible into the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell"" (paragraph @NUM3). In effect, the idea of using the mooring mast to dock dirigibles atop the Empire State Building quietly disappeared. As described by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 in the excerpt from The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there."	4
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the most aparent problems was its a urban area with a lot of pedestrians walking the street. They didnt want to dirigibles flying so close over with out not knowing wha's gunna happen. Another thing was that the German dirigible had been destroyed by fire. They had to think about how worse that could have been if it was on the mooring mast, possibly killing people and completely destroying the building. Also how much more construction and money it would take for the Empire State Building to hold a dirible. There were many problems they didn't think about in the process, that's why the mooring mast wasn't successful as planned.	2
Now, people know what a ludacris idea it was to have dirigibles dock on top of the Empire State Building; however, in the @DATE1's and @NUM1's people were oblivious to the idea many failures and the obstacles the builders would face. One obstacle that was faced was that most of these dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, which is extremely flammable and put the city at risk. Another obstacle was nature, due to the winds on top of the Empire State Building it was hard to bring the dirigibles remotely close to the mast. Yet another obstacle facing the builders of the mast was a law that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas like New York City. Overall, the idea could not be projected into a real-life, visual interpretation because of the obstacles faced by the builders of the mast, now people have airplanes and airports to dock the planes - theres no use for the mast on top of the Empire State Building regarding aviation.	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, had many obstacles of the construction of the Empire State Building in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The author states ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" That law was considered illegal for a ship to approach the area and to get tied up to the building. Another obstacle was the lack of landing area, it was a challenge to expand in New York City, causing it hard to land dirigibles. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, the weather would cause the dirigibles to swivel around the mooring mast. The author states, ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights... dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."""	3
"In the passage, ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, there were a lot of conflicts that the builders ran into while trying to let the dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building. One problem was safety. Unlike regular balloons, dirigibles were made of hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flamable. This would have been a problem if it was above people on the street and the building. Another problem was nature. The winds, where they would have docked, would have been way to strong. As the passage says ""the winds on top of the building were constanly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@NUM1). One last reason is because there was a law against aircrafts from fly to close to neiborhoods. All and all the dirigibles ran into a lot of people."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was for many differents reasons. One of them is the wether, ""the greatest obstacle to sucessful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". The second one is that they have a law aganist airships, ""was an existing law aganist airships flying too low over urban areas"". The also have have the problem is that the dirigible will be dangling high above people reads, ""...they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe"". This is some of the problems that they have."	3
"The builders of the empire state building had to face the obstacle of safety, to make sure everyone can get on the dirigible safely without any form of danger. Another obstacle is arranging the dirigibles so that they are able to board passengers from there. @PERSON1 said ""the height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gears."" People did'nt want to try it, so that would be another obstacle. If people did'nt want to try it then it will become just a decoration, and that's not what Al Smith wanted. Last obstacle would be that it would'nt hold for long as said in the excerpt ""The mooring mast on the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" In other words, the architects did'nt think to far a head into the future to see if the mooring mast would even be used. These are some of the obstacles that the builders had to face."	0
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while constructing a mast that would make it possible for dirigibles to dock. The greatest obstacle of all was nature itself. It was unrealistic to have a dirigible tied by a single cable tether to remain intact when the winds on top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around the mast which was hazardous for pedestrians. There was nothing the builders could do to alter nature so their ideas soon became unrealistic. Another obstacle the builders faced while constructing the building was that the dirigible's weight would add to much stress (especially with added wind pressure) to the building's frame. They then decided the only way to fix that problem was to shift the weight to the building's foundation.	3
"The obstacles that builders faced in making the Empire State Building a docking point reached the greatest problems. Obstacles come in all forms, depending on the size of the goal. The goal's size was immense so the range was in its greatest. The problems were law, nature, safety, and the point of docking.Firstly, the main problem was the location. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" This would have not only tore down the entire building but send it crashing down onto pedestrians within the range of eleven hundred feet it the direction it was hauled. Secondly, instead of helium, dirigibles used hydrogen instead, ""and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This put a safety issue, especially over a highly populated urban area, like New York. Thirdly, the building was so high, it intercepted higher forces of wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This could have made a dirigibles strain against the building or fresh against the mooring point. Lastly, law prevented all ""airships flying too low over urban areas."" As high as the Empire State Building was it was too close the public.Overall, the builders were impacient and that created obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. They made the goal so large, it caused the obstacles to reach their range of difficulty. The purpose of the Empire State Building may be a failure, but it still is the tallest building constructed."	3
"In the short story, ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when building the mask. The entire steel frame of the Building would have had to be strengthened to hold the weight of the mast. The mast, which towered at over @NUM1 feet tall, would have stressed the steel frame of the Building, making its foundation weaker. To hold the mast, ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" This meant that the builders had to really think through the process of how they were going to get the mast to not bend the steel frame. Another obstacle the builders faced was a new law that forbid airships from flying too low over urban areas, such as New York. Therefore, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the Building or even approach the area. ""Because of this law, the mast was very rarely used. Regardless of what they tried, the builders would have to make big changes to the Empire State Building's framework in order to have the mast. However, the new law prevented airships from docking there, so the mast was not used as often as originally projected. The mast did help make the Empire State Building the largest building in the world at 1,250 feet, but it forced strengthening and fixing of the building's framework, and the mask was not used as much as the builders thought."	4
"In the passage, ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, a myriad of obstacles had faced the builders of the Empire State Building in terms of allowing dirigibles to dock there. First was the problem of constructing a mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof. Because, ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame,"" the building would be unable to support the stress of both the dirigible and wind pressure. Next, safety became an issue. After the discovery that, ""most dirigible's built outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"", owners of the Empire State Building realized the hazard involved when having a highly flammable object fly over a densely populated area. This was brought to their attention when a German dirigible was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. An addition problem was nature itself. The winds on top of the building posed the problem of having the dirigibles back end swivel around the mooring mast, seeing as weights could not be used to weight the back down since they would be dangling above pedestrians on the street. Lastly, there was, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS2, it would be illegal for a Ship to be tied up to the building or approach the area. In light of the aforementioned reasons, it is evident that the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
The Empire State building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigables to dock there. This building being so tall, and large wind shifts were a constent worry. Wind shifts, is when the direction of the wind shifts suddenly. One minute its @LOCATION1, the next its @LOCATION2. On may 6, 1937, when German dirigible Hindenburg, caught on fire, people thought, what would have happened if that was over the empire state building. over New York, with such a large population, it would have been hectic. Airships werent allowed to fly that low anyways.	2
"The task of trying to allow dirigibles to dock 1,250 ft. above round over the city of New York not shockingly posted a few obstacles for the builders of the Empire State Building.Before the dirigibles could even try to dock on the mast, the builders had to modify the whole building due to the stress and pressure on the building from the dirigibles. The modifications cost over sixty thousand dollars to strengthen the building once the builders finally had all the modifications and building done; they were faced with a whole new set of obstacles. Most of the dirigibles from out of the united states were filled with flammable hydrogen. ""The german dirigible @CAPS1 was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION3, New Jersey"". This accident worried @CAPS2. Also they faced problems with the shifting winds and air currents that made it difficult to dock the dirigibles. Another obstacle was the fact that laws existed against airships flying too low to the ground. Due to these unforeseen obstacles, the idea of docking on top of the building disappeared."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock atop it.One major obstacle was safety, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the [@LOCATION2] used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"". The owners quickly realized how dangerous an accident would be ""above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"".The second major obstacle was nature; ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". A thousand-foot dirigible moored atop the building would add enormous stress to the frame of the building.In the end these two obstacles would be too great. Times were changing and with the air plane taking over modern travel the dirigible and the mooring mast were doomed."	3
"There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there The higher calling for which the mooring mast was built was to put New York on the forefront of modern travel; the builders then, needed to solve some obstacles that were on their way. First was that the building itself needed to get stronger in order to support ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building"" As a result, the frame of the Empire State Building needed to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the problem. According to the excerpt, @MONEY1 worth of changes had to be made to the building's framework. Another problem was that of the stress of the wind pressure The wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. This was also solved, at least they thought, by making a few changes to the skeleton of the building. Lastly, was that the building needed a space to provide for passengers that were to come from the ""blimps"". To solve the problem, they built a shaft to bring passengers down to the @NUM1 floor, where baggage and ticket areas would be located. The builders had to face many problems even before attempting to build a mast for dirigibles to dock at."	3
"Based on the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, such as safety, nature, and legislation. First, it would be difficult to safely allow foreign dirigibles to dock. In paragraph @NUM1 it says, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This displays the fire, and therefore safety, was an obstacle. Next, air currents made it difficult for dirigibles to dock safely. The air near the top of the building was affected by air currents, so it was difficult for pilots to land. Also, ""using [lead weights] at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical or safe."" There was no way to work with or combat the uncertainty of the wind, so nature was an obstacle. Finally, there were laws about aircrafts flying too close to the city. In paragraph @NUM2 it says, ""[There] was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" The very purpose of the moor would be illegal, so it would be nearly impossible for a dirigible to ever tie up to the Empire State Building. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges regarding the moor, and its opening was never successful as a result of them."	4
"In the short excerpt, The Mooring Mast By Marcia Amidon Lüsted there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. An obstacle they faced was the space. An example ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" @CAPS1 saying it was going to be hard finding a place to land. Although that may had been one of their problems that was not the only problem it was the safety. The excerpt says, ""the mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service and to let passengers off and on."" Which meant it would have taken along time just land and fueling. Another obstacle was for the dirigibles to be tested in the testing of the mast"	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The biggest obstacle was finding a safe way to do it. New York City is a very densely populated area so any type of accident would be horrific, as the owners realized in @CAPS2 @NUM1, ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident couldve been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as @CAPS1."" Another obstacle was nature itself. The wind at the top of the building was too strong as it says in @CAPS2 @NUM2, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currants. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast."" Safety was clearly the biggest concern"	3
"There were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, on the excerpt is says, ""A mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on."" This shows that builders had to build a mooring mast to have some time for refueling or service and have people get off and on safe.Another example from the excerpt is when it says, ""The body of the dirigible could swing in the breeze, and yet passengers could safely get on and off the dirigible by walking down a gangplank to an open observation platform."" This shows that the builders build a gangplank for people can walk up or down the gangplank safe from the dirigible."	2
The builders of the empire State building were faced with many different obstacles. One was the empire State building it @CAPS1. It is one of the tallest buildings in the world so only construction plan that goes wrong could be trajic for all the people below. When the started Construction on the mooring mast they knew there was Some risk but didn't think it threw. See all this was introduced because Al Smith wanted the Empire state to be the biggest. Now he didnt @CAPS2 look into it if a blimp was to @CAPS3 on the mooring mast they would have to worry about weather, wind, and also the strength of the buildings foundation. Also they would have to worry about the blimp it @CAPS1 back then dirigibles were filled with hydrogen and if Something was to go wrong ever downtown New York and the blimp was to catch a spark it would burn four city blocks	2
The @CAPS1 of the Empire State building faced many Problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some of the problems are some blimps are filled with hydrogen wich is highly flammable. If a blimp with hydrogen in it exploded over @LOCATION1 that would not turn out so good For people in New York City. Those people could die. Also one one blimp exploded in New Jersey the blimp had hydrogen in it. So when that happened they thought a lot about the docking station and only to allow blimps with helium in them to dock there.	2
In this excerpet from the mooring mast by marcia amidon, there was alot of examples of obstacles that the builders of the empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. one oBstacle that the builders faced was the weight and presure of a DiriGiBle @CAPS1 on @CAPS2 one teather at the top of the empire state building. this was a big @CAPS3 because all the stress and pressure of the rope would pull on the building sending the preasure all the way to the bottom of the building one thousand feet below. another obstacle that the workers faced was nature its self. this was a @CAPS3 because of the high speed winds at the building shifting all the time. If a DiriGiBle was to be teathered at the top by only one rope in the front the back of it would be free to move in the wind. this would allow the back to be able to be blown by the wind having the possibility of hitting the building. In conclusion there were many obsticles builders had to face to attempt this project.	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before construction ever took place. The main reason for this was safety. First, there was a chance that it could catch on fire. For example, most dirigibles are made of hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. They relized how much damage it could do if it caught on fire in a densely populated area, such as downtown New York. Secondly, they had another obstacle to the successful use of the mooring that was nature itself. For example, the wind on top of the building was constantly shifting due to the violent air currents. Lastly dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building because they was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach it. Instead of becoming the transportation of the future the idea had disappeared. They faced to many obstacles that could not be overcome."	3
"In this @CAPS1 ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1 the builder of the empire State building faced many @CAPS2 during the building of the Empire State building.The @CAPS3 obstacle would be the wind. Because The building was so high And the more up the more Air and wind they had to stop landing or Drop off the dirigible. A dirigible is also a ballon or blump but there different because the dirigibles can be controlled by pappellers. Another reason was the @CAPS4 equpment. They didnt have the right equipment to dock the dirigible. So they @CAPS5 from letting them dock there ever again. They also @CAPS6 to stop it because it's over hundreds of civilians and if something goes @CAPS4 the balloon could fall on the civilizians.Those Are the reasons Why in the @CAPS1-""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1 had to face problems with docking ballons."	3
"While the construction of the Empire State Building was in progress, the builders faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. At first, people thought it was going to be wonderful and lead to the ""transportation of the future"". One obstacle the builders faced was the fact that a large dirigible moored to the roof would have negative effects on the building's frame. ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"". The builders would have to pay @MONEY1 to fix this problem. Another problem that was present was also the lack of safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Also, even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the violent winds would cause the back of the ship to swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Even if the back of the dirigibles were weighted down with lead, it would not be safe; as the lead would be ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street."" There was also a law stating that airships could not fly too low above urban areas. Nature itself presented many more problems, such as winds blowing the dirigible onto the ""sharp spires of other buildings."" As numerous problems became apparent after the building was finished, the idea of dirigibles being the ""future of transportation"" was dropped."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders faced many obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. ""the as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone"". This quote by Irving Clavan is saying that there is many problems unsolved because of the height made. Which means its harder to do because of how high it is. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamible."" They're pointing that out because if ever a chance of a mess up and it starts to come crashing down, its coming down on one of the most populated cities in america. These are some obstacles builders have to face."	2
The obstacles the builders had to face where rational, but there are some things you sould think of first, such as peoples safty, aircraft hight limets, and wind. They they thought about how to dock it, How to get the passengers safly to the landing area. What they did work on was smart though, they had the the thing that connects the dirigibles to the dock, the electric winch. They had a baggage, and ticket area. What they thought of was smart, but the other stuff first.	1
There are many reasons Why the builder's faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1 the excerpt states that most dirigibles from outside of the United states use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The hydrogen can cause a fire and destroy the Empire State building and can destroy downtown New York. Another reason why the builder's faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is because it was against the law. In paragraph @NUM2 the exerpt states there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This could be dangerous to the citizens of downtown New York.	3
There is a lot of obstacles in trying to come with an idea of a building. They had to make sure the structure of the building was capable of the high winds it was going to get. Plus, they also had to make sure the top was safe enough for the dirigibles to dock there without harming any people or the building.	2
"In ""The Mooring Mask"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, In order to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face obstacles. First, ""the lack of a suitable landing area"". They had to make room for the huge dirigibles to land. Second, ""add stress to the building's frame."" They had to make the structure of the building stronger so it wouldnt break. Lastly, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting"" if they were going to be able to make this work they needed to find a way to calm the wind by the tower. Hence, In ""The Mooring Mask"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, in order to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face obstacles."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building taste some obstacles in attempting to have a dirigible dock.  The dock would break the laws.  The dock would also be a danger to the people below.  It would also put a lot of stress to the frame of the building."""	1
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Obstacles they faced were the strength of the framework, Safety of the dirigibles, @CAPS1 nature, and a law. The first obstacle, framework, wasn't too hard overcome, it cost @MONEY1 to strengthen it in order to support the mast and a blimp. The second obstacle was safety, on May 6, 1937 the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire due to the highly flammable gas hydrogen which is used in dirigibles. This accedent could have been much worse if it occured above a highly populated area like New York. The third obstacle was @CAPS1 nature, the violent air currents on top of the Empire State Building made it close to impossible to dock a dirigible to the mast. By using led weights to weigh down the back of the blimp would be neither practical nor safe hanging high above pedestrians. The final and forth obstacle builders faced was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to even attempt docking to the mast.	4
There are always challenges when you are trying something inovative. There are obstacles like getting approval, gaining support and you also need to be structurally sound. Al Smith and the rest of these archetects faced all of these. During the 1920s dirigibles were supposed to be the future of travel. Al Smith wanted to be able to dock a dirigible on top of the Empire State building. Other than getting people to go along with the plan he had other problems. The wind is very violent at that altitude. Dirigibles were not supposed to fly that close to the city it is dangerous and some were highly flamable. In conclusion There were too many large obstacles to overcome.	2
The obstacles the builders of the empire state face was trying to make sure the building don't fall down.	0
"In the excerpt the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The reason why the builders faced obstacles was because ""architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" An example is ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" The stress of the dirigible moor would make the buildings frame bend and become weak. That is just one obstacle that the builders faced, but there is many more."	1
"The obstacles that needed to be overcame, to create the idea of a docking platform on top of what was going to be announced as ""The tallest building,"" was going to be tough. The steps taken to make this idea come to life, began with consulting with experts. They took tours of the equipment and mooring operations at the @ORGANIZATION1 in New Jersey. When it was time to start constructing, the issue of the stress the building would intake from the mass of the Dirigibles became a problem. They modified the buildings frame to accommodate the new situation. They also designed a stainless steel tower with a stepped back design that imitated the overall shape of the building. over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications were made to achieve the goal of ""The Mooring Mast"""	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", builders of the Empire State Building face obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible's to dock there. The main obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing area. Dirigibles need a large area to land. Al Smith said to add a mooring mast to the top of the building and that would allowed a dirigible to land for several hours. During the time of land the dirigible may get ""refueling or service, and to let passengers on and off."" Passengers could get off and on the dirigible safely by walking down a gangplank to the open platform. Architects had trouble putting a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building's flat roof because they were afraid that the load of the dirigible and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted. Dirigibles had trouble with saftly, most of dirigibles use hydroge instead of helium, but hydrogen was highly flammable. The greatest obstacle of mooring mast was nature itself, wind were high due to violent air currents, and it would not be safe for dirigibles. The practical reason why dirigibles weren't allow to moor at @ORGANIZATION2 was law agaist airship flying too low. The idea of dirigible was given away to airplanes. The obstacles the builders of @ORGANIZATION3 faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was solved."	4
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles while building it One obstacle they hit was the dirigibles couldnt dock there because of no mooring mast When the architects and engineers built the building they put a flat roof which the Mooring Mast could not be placed on. They said that the frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to fix the situation. Another obstacle was they couldnt have a Rope holding the Mooring Mast up because the dirigibles wouldnt hold it up. Those are some obstacles the architechs went threw.	2
"Some of the things they faced were safety hazards. Like when they said in @CAPS1 @NUM1 when the Hindenburg was destroyed they said ""The owners of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident could of been if it was over new york."" Another obstacle they faced as they said in @CAPS1 @NUM2 was ""Nature itself."" The winds would make a airship @CAPS3 around like crazy. The last problem was the law stating airships can @CAPS3 that low above urban cities."	2
"Al Smith, four-term governor of New York and a leader of the Empire State Building's construction, had a vision. His vision was to create a two-hundred fifty foot mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building, not only making it the world's tallest building, but also to dock passengers and deliver goods through the use of dirigibles or blimps. Unfortunately, there were many @CAPS1 facing the builders of the Empire State Building regarding the allowance of docking dirigibles on its mast. The main concerns the builders faced were the materials that dirigibles are made out of, mother nature, and airship laws. The first obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced concerning the docking of dirigibles on its mast was the materials dirigibles are made from. According to the article, ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, ""Most dirigibles... used hydrogen... highly flammable..."" The builders realized this posed as a huge safety threat, especially over a densely populated city. The second obstacle the builders faced regarding the docking of dirigibles on its mast was mother nature herself. The article states, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents... neither practical nor @NUM1). The construction workers realized that having passengers moving on and off the mast, could be very dangerous in harsh weather conditions. The final obstacle the construction workers faced was an overlooked airship law. The story says, ""... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas,"" (@ORGANIZATION2). The workers realized that it was against the law to even tie up an airship to a building. In conclusion, the three main @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced in regards to the allowance of docking dirigibles on its mast were the materials that dirigibles are made of, nature, and airship laws."	4
Throughout the process of building the Empire State Building with dirigibles dock there were many complications. At @CAPS1 the building was unable to simply put a mooring mast on top of the building. The roof was flat, therefore the dirigible would add stress to the building. They would need over @MONEY1 to modify the building framework. Then they realized that most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, hydrogen is highly flammable which would be unsafe. They ran into a problem with nature itself. At the top of the Empire State Building the winds constantly shifted because of the violent air currents. Even if they were to tether the mooring mast, the back of the ship would spin around and around the mooring mast. Therefore with people all over the streets in @CAPS2 this was neither possibly or safe. There was also an exisisting law against flying airships too low over urban areas. All this gave way to airplanes, so even though dirigibles didn't work it helped.	3
Al Smith was a guy who had an idea of making the world tallest building, and he didn't give up. In December 11, 1929, he announced that the Empire State building, goal height would reach 1,250 feet. He also wanted transportation to involve.The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, was the lack of landing area. Al Smith thought he could add a mooring mast to the top of the building and allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and let passengers on and off.One of the greatest obstacle to let the dirigibles docked there, was the weather. The dirigibles moored in open landing fields could weigh down, where it could dangle high above pedestrians on the street. It was also an existing. law against airships, flying too low over urban areas.	2
"The builders of the empire state building attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there was a fuetle effort. The tried a numerous amount of different ways to approach this idea. There were a few different theorie's on what would be best, and how to develope the Mooring Mast by Al Smith and John Tauranac. Each man had a different thought on how the whole structure would turn out. The architects designed a new glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that ranged from the bottom to the top of the empire state Building. This structure helped support the mooring are, where the dirigibles were docked. But the fate of the Mast was not to bright. ""The Mooring Mast of the Empire state building was Never destined to fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" This statement is utterly true. And shows the work of the architects was never fully planned and over looked for the Mast to be durable."	1
The installation of a mooring mass on top of the Empire State building would have made the building, as well as the city of New York, incredibly important to modern travel in the 1930s. Alas, many difficult obstacles made the mast impossible to complete. First, to get the mast to the top, the buildings frame had to be strengthened and reinforced, which was painstaking and expensive. Second, the builders had to deal with the possibility of the blimps exploding. Another obstacle the builders faced was nature. With constantly shifting, violent winds at the top of the building, the zeppelin would sway and swivel around the mast, making it difficult and dangerous to unload passengers. With high winds, the zeppelin could even detach from its mooring and fall onto the city below, potentially killing hundreds. Lastly, the builders failed to take into account the law that forbade dirigibles to fly too close to urban areas. This law made it illegal for any blimp to get near the Empire State Building, let alone dock on it. The thought of a mooring mast on the Empire State Building was a fantastic idea, albeit one destined to fail from the beginning.	4
Some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced are dirigibles use hydrogen to float. Hydrogen is a highly flammable gas and if it was ignited it was cause a lot of property damage. Also at 1,250 ft there is a lot of wind. The dirigible would blow around the building causing unnatural stress to the building. It would be very difficult to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.In designing the mast, the steel frame of the State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new siteation, @MONEY1' worth of modifications were made to the buildings framework, Rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself.The mooring mast failed. Most dirigibles from outside of the @ORGANIZATION2 used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable. Weather, such as violent air currents, were the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mast.	3
The architects and builders of the Empire State Building ran into a few problems when searching for a way to allow dirigibles to dock there. The architects knew they couldn't simply drop a mooring mast on the @ORGANIZATION1 roof because it would be able to support it. The architects also knew that if they attached the dirigible to the mooring mast with a single cable tether would only add stress to the frame. To fix this problem the @ORGANIZATION1 steel frame would need to be modified and strengthened to support the mooring mast and dirigible.	2
Based on the excerpt to the dirigibles were not ever able to dock atop the Empire State building because @CAPS1 it was a question of safty. The passage reads that most dirigibles from outside the United States are fulled with hydrogen which is flamible. This caused the Hindenburg a German made vessel to burst into flames in New Jersey, and when this happened the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had happend in the densly populated New York City. Also this was a question of safty because the winds on the top of the building would blow the dirigible all around. Lastly there is a law prohibiting the flight of airships in low urban aeras so the ships could not fly in New York City	3
The idea of dirigibles being able to dock at such an altitude to begin with was foolish. First off trying to tie a thousand-foot dirigible to a building by a single tether adds huge stress to the building's frame. They were able to fix that problem, but the main issue they couldn't fix was mother nature. The wind speed at that height is incredibly violent and would cause the ship to swivel around and around the mooring mast. Overall the project was just doomed to fail from the start.	2
"Allowing a dirigibles to dock upon the top of the Empire State Building, would leave architects faced with challenging sinerio's. Adding a thousand foot dirigible onto the top of the building would add stress to the frame. A single cable tether to the blimp would not help the stress. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" (Lüsted. @NUM1) The frame of the Building would have to be modified to accommodate this new situation. The greatest reason why it was never fully constructed was Because of safety. Most dirigibles outside the U. S used hydrogen rather than helium. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire... The owners realized how much worse have it been taking place above a densely populated area."" (Lüsted. @NUM2). This makes travel out side the @LOCATION1 with dirigibles more difficult. Nature itself was a great obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast. The back of the ship will swivel around and around the mast cause of winds. ""The winds on top of the building shifts due to violent air currents."" (Lüsted, @NUM3). This wasn't practical nor safe. These obstacles leaves builders faced with unrealized challenges to over come."	4
"Builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when trying to dock dirigibles. One obstacle in docking dirigibles was the framework of the building. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" This shows the amount of work that needed to be done just on the structure of the building. Another hardship was that most dirigibles outside of the United States were filled with highly flamable hydrogen rather than helium. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst on May 6, 1937, the owners of the empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area."" @CAPS1 how dangerous the hydrogen could be. Lastly, dirigibles could be weighed down by led weights. ""using these at the Empire State Building, would be dangling over pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" @CAPS2 if the lead weights dropped they could kill someone. Many hardships were brought about trying to dock dirigibles at the empire state building"	4
"One obstacle that the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was, ""the lack of a suitable landing area."" New York City is full of buildings and there is not a lot a flat ground to land a dirigible. The builders second obstacle was that they couldn't find a way to get the mooring mast on top of the building. The builders would need to make a stronger building frame so the mast could safely be on the top of the building without adding stress to the frame. Another obstacle that the builders faced was nature. The wind at the top of the building was very unpredictable and strong at times. The back of the dirigible would move from the wind, even if it was tied to the building. The last reason was that there was a law that wouldn't allow the dirigibles to fly that low over an urban area. Therefore, the dirigibles couldn't dock at the Empire State Building."	4
"There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced when they were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle was the safety of the people. The author states, ""Most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" This would have been a major problem. Another obstacle was the violent air currents that made it hard to land. In this essay it says, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This quote shows why landing would be dangerous. Finally, it was illegal to fly airships too low over urban areas. The text explains, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building, or even approach the area."" this shows how even if everything worked, they wouldn't be able to do it These are just three of the obstacles that prevented the builders of the Empire State Building from docking dirigibles."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The Empire State Building is located in the densely populated New York City. Therefore, if the dirigible dangled high in the air above those people, it would surely be unsafe In addition to the safety aspect, one of the greatest obstacles was nature. The violent winds on top of the building are always shifting due to the air currents, therefore, it would cause the dirigibles to swivel around the mast. Lastly, there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas, thus making it illegal for dirigibles to ever fly up to the building.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few obstacles while trying to build the mast. One problem was that there was a lot of pressure and stress that would be put on the building if a dirigible was to dock there. This was because of the high wind speeds and of the sheer size of the dirigible. The designers had to make over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the building's framework to account for the pressure. Another obstacle was that there is a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This meant that the dirigibles would not be allowed to even get close to the building, let alone dock on it. Eventually, these obstacles and other safety issues, such as hydrogen inside, the blimp being highly flammable, caused the idea to dissappear.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in order to try to @CAPS1 dirgibles there. One of the challenges they faced was how to make sure the building wouldn't collapse if the docked a @NUM1 foot dirgigible on the top. They had to make about @NUM2 dollars worth of changes to the building's frame to be able to @CAPS1 a @CAPS2. Another obstacle they faced was how to @CAPS1 dirigible at the top of the building without endangering the densiley populated area of down town New York. ""Most dirgibles outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"". The builder faced many obstacles by trying to beable to @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 but was impossible from the @CAPS3."	2
Some of the troubles builders came into play with while constructing the empire state buildings mooring mast, were structure, how it would be built, and how it could physically hold a blimp without being ripped out. One problem was figuring out how to reinforce the mast so that the lead could transfer to the foundation instead of ripping off the top half of the building.	1
"Many of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were issues that should have been thought about before construction began. At such a height their whirlwind issues that could push the derigible in undesired directions. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). After the Hindenburg exploded the concerns for the same thing happening was a large safety concern. ""The owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (@CAPS1 @NUM2 Line 6)"	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were two practical obstacles. Nature itself. Even if the dirigible was tethered up to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Another thing was that it was illegal for airships to fly over too low over urban areas. Although two dirigibles attempted but failed, by the late 1930s, the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared.	2
Based on this excerpt, the architects had to go through a lot of obstacles in order to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. First they had to redesign the building's frameworks because the weight of the dirigible would add stress to it. Then they added two more floors to the top of the building. They were to be the boarding area for the passengers. Two months after they finally reframed the building, they put the American flag at the top of the mooring mast. Soon after, they realized proceeding with these designs were foolish because it was unsafe and not practical. Those are obstacles that the architects had to go through in order to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building.	2
"When the Empire State Building was created it was supposed to be a ""pit stop"" for dirigibles, known today as blimps. It was meant to be the modern way of travel, but many problems surfaced changing the plans. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. This was a major safety hazard! Another problem presented itself ""[A] law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" If anything were to go wrong with the ship many people would be put in danger. The harsh wind nature would provide the risk of puncturing the blimp against buildings; also endangering the people below it."	3
"The builders of the Empire States Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Paragraph fourteen said, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" @CAPS1 planning for the mast, builders did not account for the high winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The greatest reason the mooring mast of the Empire State Building never fulfilled its purpose was because of safety issues. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" On May 6, 1937, the German Zeppelin, Hindenburg, was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Owners of the Empire State Building than recognized that if the same incident was to take place in New York, more lives would be lost. Builders of the Empire State Building failed to recognize the dangers of the mooring mast."	4
"In the story The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. One of the obstacles faced was that putting a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the building's frame. This made the builders have to modify the frame. Another obstacle the builders faced was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is flamable."" This would put great danger to the people of New York. That was a huge problem the builders faced. The builders at the Empire state Building faced many obstacles but safety and reconstruction were just some of those problems."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building obstacles can be described in the following ways. First of all, the main obstacle was the nature of the mast. They described it as, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (paragraph @NUM1). Secondly, the dirigibles would dangle on top of the building, which wasn't safe for pedestrians. Lastly, there was a law for airships that couldn't fly too low or too high. The above explains the obstacles of the Empire State Building for dirigibles."	2
"Throughout the designing and construction stages of the Empire State building's mooring mast, builders and engineers confronted many issues including, the distribution of building stress, fire hazards and the constant shifting caused by winds. During the planning stages of engineers, they confronted an issue, how to alliviate stress on the Empire State Building's frame. According to engineers making the ""thousand foot dirigible moored at at the top of the building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the building's frame..."" @CAPS1, the building would require ""over sixty thousand dollars"" in redesigning and modifying the current building's foundation and framework. Secondly, engineers and builders never considered the fire hazards, which they were confronted with after the completion of the mooring mast. The American dirigibles were filled with hydrogen rather than helium, making that gaseous-filled transportation highly flammable."" An example of this safety violation occurred with the burning of a dirigible in Lakehurst, New Jersey, causing builders to reflect on the possible severity of this possible accident in the heavily populated area of New York. Thirdly, New York had ""violent air currents"" which could cause the rear of the dirigibles to swivel and shift. The only possible solution was to way down the back with lead blocks, but this would be ""neither practical nor safe."" Engineers and builders of the Empire State Building were confronted with many problems and concerns sometimes only addressed by irrational solutions."	4
"Constructing anything is always a difficult taksk, but trying to construct the worlds tallest building and have dirigibles being able to dock there is even harder. The workers who were modifing the Empire State Building had nemerous obstacles that stood in their way when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. The obstacle they could not controll was nature herself. The winds were said to be ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" according to the excerpt wich made it difficult for dirigibles to dock there, and dangerous. Also another factor that was an obsticle for the constructors was the building itself. The structure of the building would have to be modified because the dirigible ""would add stress to the building's frame,"" so constructors wolud have to make the building support this tremendous stress. Another obsticle was safty because some dirigibles were filled with hydrogen which was extremely flamable and dangerous for the massive population on the ground. These are a few of the many obstacles faced when modifing the Empire State Building."	4
On @DATE1, The Empire State Building was announced to reach the height of 1,250 feet. Al Smith, the architect of the building mentioned that the top would be more than ornamental. It was said that this amazing dream would come true for aviation pioneers. The building was going to have a mooring mast at its top for docking these new airships called dirigibles, otherwise known as blimps. This was thought out to be a great idea. Things didn't quite turn out as originally planned, and Fate struck. As fate struck, things should have been more apparent before it  was ever constructed. Resons being; Most blimbs from outside the states run on hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is more flammable. Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting, causing the dirigible to swivel, and it would be a disaster for anything to happen to New York City and the pedestrians it holds. Another law was the law of how close airships can be to the building. Thus, still leaving the Empire State Building at 1,250 feet, but never completing the original goal.	3
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles are enormous steel-framed ballons they can travel for long periods at time of seventy miles per hour. Thoogh dirigibles seemed great for attracting people by ways of travelin modernation, the builders faced a complex obstacle. There was no area of suitable landing for dirigibles. In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there many thoughout changes in the building needed to be considered. The load being transported off the dirigible would add stress to the building frame, as would the wind pressure. To suit the buildings with accommodating the dirigible, the price for modifications to the building would cost @MONEY1. Many obstacles were scientifically proven why the dirigible could not dock at the Empire State Building. The issue of safety involving the hydrogen gasses being highly flammable were to much of a risk in the high populated are of New York. Also nature was a large obstacle that was faced due to the wind at such a tall altitude. The law implying that airships couldn't fly too low was a practical reason why the dirigibles could not dock at the building. ""One set of engineers here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement and the Government people in Washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to this mast."" A quote by Al Smith. The obstacles involving the moderate transportation idea were too impractical in using the mooring mast for dirigibles on the empire state Building"	3
"In the article ""The Mooring Mast,"" Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 describes how safety, laws, and nature are the three main obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Safety was the greatest reason that dirigibles could not be docked in @ORGANIZATION2. The biggest safety hazard was that many countries outside of the @LOCATION2 use hydrogen in their dirigibles instead of helium. A German dirigible had recently been destroyed in a fire in New Jersey because, ""hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1, @NUM1). The builders of the Empire State building realized that the accident would have been far worse if it had occurred, ""above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) and by docking dirigibles there, they run the risk that it could happen. Nature was another big obstacle that hindered the success of a mooring mast. Violent air currents at the top of the Empire State Building were always causing winds to change, so because only the front of the dirigibles was tethered to the mooring mast, ""the back of the ship would swivel around"" (@CAPS1, @NUM1). They could not use lead weights to weigh down the back like they used in open fields because having weights hanging above pedestrians on the street, ""was neither practical nor safe"" (@CAPS1, @NUM1). Nature was a major obstacle because it could not be changed and there was no easy way to fix the issues it caused. The last obstacle was an existing law which prevented airships from, ""flying too low over urban areas"" (@CAPS1, @NUM5). This law made it illegal for the ship to both approach the area and tie up to the building, which was a huge obstacle that was impossible to get around. The obstacles of safety, laws, and nature that the builders of the Empire State Building faced made it impossible to dock dirigibles to the moore mast on the building."	4
The excerpt of The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted reveals that the architects of the Empire State faced a number of obstacles. Not only was the construction of the building now competive, but its expectations were unrealistic. The idea for such a masterpiece of a building held a number of potential problems that its architects not very competitive. As the work-in-progress of the Chrysler building grew, the Empire State Building strived to be taller. In order to achieve greater heights, its architects suggested and addition of a mooring mast, to not only make the building the tallest, but to add to its purpose. The addition of a mooring mast would require a lot of planning, though. If a giant steel framed balloon were to dock at the top of the building as is, it could dangerously shake the foundation of the building, so the frame of the building had to be rebuilt much stronger. Also, the architects didn't realized the danger of docking dirigibles. Dirigibles, or blimps, were fueled by hydrogen, which is very flammable, and proved a threat to the thousands of people living below.	2
The builders of the empire state building faced a lot of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building. Mainly the idea was just not practicle. Having an up to @NUM1 foot blimp is full of flamable nitrogen hovering over a densely populated area was an extreme danger. One accident and tons of lives would be at stake. Especially after the German blimp the Hindenburg crashed, workers knew, had that happened in New York their death tolls would be huge.Along with the extreme perels that the builders knew would be at stake, mother nature would also not make it easy for dirigible to dock at the empire state building. The winds atop the building were constantly shifting. The air currents were too violent and posed to many threats for danger. Even when the ship was anchored, the back of the ship would swivel as if attached to a hinge. Lead tools can be used to weigh down the blimp, but hanging above tons of people this would not be a safe idea.Overall the idea of having a dirigible connected to the empire state building is just not safe and not worth what could be lost.	3
Based on the excerpt The mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were fire, wind, and the laws against airships flying to low over urban areas.If they let the dirigibles dock there they would risk the dirigibles @CAPS2 on fire because dirigibles from outside the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium. and the Hydrogen is highly flammable. Another Obstacle would be the Wind, the winds were Shifting because of violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around, and if they put weights on the back it would not be safe for pedestrians on the street. And the last obstacle would be the law against airships flying to low over urban area, I would make it illegal for a Ship to tie to the building. Those were the @CAPS1 they faced.	4
"The obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were a lot. They had trouble with the area thing where they were going to do their job. ""The one obstacle in their expanded used in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" Another obtacle that they had was with the mooring mast. ""the greatest obstacle to the successful of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Then there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. and if they did it it would become illegal to the ship that pass tie up to the building or even approach the area."	3
the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reason that should have been apparent before it was even constructed. the greats reason was one of the safety: most dirigible from out sit the united @CAPS1 used hydrogen rather then helium, and and hydrogen is highly flammable.	1
"In the 1930's, the idea to have a mooring mast mounted on the top of the Empire State Building for dirigibles to dock was a very popular theory. However, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced, such as existing laws concerning airships, flammable, hydrogen dirigibles, strong winds, and the stress a moored dirigible would add to the buildings frame. Existing ""air traffic laws would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the Empire State Building or even fly near it, since airships couldn't fly too low over urban areas (paragraph @NUM1). The destruction of the Hindenburg, a hydrogen dirigible, helped the owners of the Empire State building realize how dangerous dirigibles could be, especially if they combusted over downtown New York City (paragraph @NUM2). Strong winds also would be hazardous to dirigibles moored to the empire state building, seeing as the aircrafts couldn't be way down in the air (paragraph @NUM3). The steel frame of the building would also have to be modified to accommodate the stress added by a moored dirigible. All in all, it was very unrealistic to more dirigibles to the Empire State Building, as it would be unsafe."	3
"Builders of the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles during construction, according to the article The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. The biggest obstacle of allowing dirigibles, or blimps, to dock their where the forces of nature, such as wind and gravity. As in the article, the ""winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" It was unsafe for both passengers of the dirigible and pedestrians below to be close to the blimp and the turbulent air. Also, the flammability of the hydrogen in the blimp caused a problem; it was very unsafe to have a possible fire hazard that was @NUM1 feet long, floating close over a very populated place such as New York City. In addition to that, laws that airships could not fly too close over urban areas prohibited dirigibles even coming close to the mooring mast over the Empire State Building. A test run with the U.S. navy dirigible Los Angeles proved that it was too dangerous and impractical; the dirigible could not even get close enough to tie up. All in all, the mooring mast over the Empire State Building was a genius idea, but too many obstacles sprung up for it to be in use."	4
"There were many different obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, an existing law made it so that airships could not fly too low over urban areas, which meant that a dirigible could not tie up to the building or approach the area. Another problem was making the mast strong enough to support a dirigible. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This shows that improvements had to be made to the mast. One of the biggest problems of building the mast was the issue of the dirigibles being filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. The owners of the building remembered the German dirigible Hindenburg, which was destroyed by fire in 1937, and how much worse the accident would have been if it had taken place in a densely populated area."	4
During the construction of the Empire State Building the builders had to face many @CAPS1 in attempting to allow driggibles to dock there.     In the reading selection The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted it discusses many of the @CAPS1 that were faced. For an example an obstacle they had to face was finding a landing area because there was a huge lack of suitable landing area in New York City. The second @CAPS1 they faced was how to make dirigible's global so they had a meeting with the president of a formed airship transport company would use the dirigable's service across the pacific ocean. The architects had meetings with the government about safeways of mooring airships to this mast.     The builders went through many @CAPS1 to use the dirigibles but eventually it wasn't enough to Put the Plan into affect.	1
"Docking a dirigible on top of the Empire State Building is a feat that will most likely never be accomplished. The main overall concern with allowing this is safety. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 the author discusses the infamous destruction of the Hindenburg, and the architects realized the accident would have been even more catastrophic, had it taken place over a city like New York. Nature also played a role in this struggle over making this mast work. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The author then discusses how the dirigible would swing around the mast. And trying to weigh it down ""was neither practical nor safe"" (@CAPS1 @NUM2). The final and most obvious reason this mast could not work, was that a law was passed; a law that prohibited dirigibles from flying too low to an urban area. This meant that a dirigible could not legally approach the mast. These architects had very little working for them and almost everything working against them."	3
There were many obstacles the builders had to take. One obstacle was the steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified because the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have been transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. they had to pay ove sixty thousand dollars worth of modificautions in to the buildings framework.	2
"Based on the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"", it is clear the architects were blind to the problems of the mast. Al Smith was becoming competitive to build the tallest building, and that was blinding him to potential risks. The people wanted to progress transportation of their time had not fully analized the future complications. In designing the mast, paragraph nine quotes, ""a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of a building... would add stress to the building's frame"". Even in early progression of the mast, it was clear this may not work. Two months later the building was reframed and the mast was added. May 6, 1937, owers of the building realized that if an accident like the destruction of 'Hindenburg' occurred atop the building, it would be devastation to happen above the densly populated Downtown New York (paragraph @NUM1). Another obstacle, as said in paragraph @NUM2, is nature itself. Winds at such high elevations were often unpredictable and would be extremely dangerous to have a tethered dirigible to swivel around and around the mast. Therefore the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building never fufilled it's destiny, but is now a site tourists flock to. By the end of the 1930's, the idea of dirigibles as future transportation was replaced by airplanes."	3
"The builders - designers of the empire state building faced many obsticles in allowing dirigibles to dock at the top. The first, and most apparent one was the frame of the building. The article says, ""the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof"" (@NUM1). The thousand foot tower would add extra strain on the building's frame. Next was the question of safety. Most international dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, a very dangerous gas, and if set on fire will make a huge explosion, as an example with the German dirigible the Hindenburg. If that same accident took place over New York City, many pedestrians would be hurt or killed. Also, the wind played a huge obsticle. The winds ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@NUM2) and therefore the back of the ship would ""swivel around and around the mooring mast"" which would be extremly unsafe. Lastly, and most simply, the law didn't allow for an airship to fly that low over urban areas. All of these obsticles put together caused the idea of using the building as a docking tower to fail."	4
"There would have been many obstacles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 would have had to face if the decided to allow dirigibles (blimps) to dock there. ""Most dirigibles from out side the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" On @DATE1, the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION3, New Jersey. the owners realized how much worse it would have been is a place such as New York City.Another big obstacle would have been nature itself. ""The winds on top of the @ORGANIZATION1 were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" If the dirigible was tied to the mooring mast the back of the ship would move around, making it hard for pedestrians to get on and off. If they had weighed it down with a lead wieght then there would be a heavy piece of lead hanging over the pedestrians of New York City.The final obstacle that biulders of the empire state @ORGANIZATION1 would have had to face ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". This law would not allow the dirigibles to dock on top of the @ORGANIZATION1. They would not even be allowed to approach the @ORGANIZATION1."	4
"The Empire State building is one of the tallest buildings ever built. It way because of this, that it was impossible for a blimp to dock on the mooring mast. The article by @ORGANIZATION1 titled ""The Mooring Mast"" describes well the problem blimps may have encountered. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The wins on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" It's true, should a blimp try to moor there it would do nothing but twirl around the mooring mast. It could also crash into other buildings. It could tear up the mooring mast. There was so much the builders didn't look into."	2
"In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, the builders encountered major obstacles. The first puzzle posed to the builders concerned the structure. They realized that, ""the stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted... to the building's foundation."" This reality caused builders to spend over @MONEY1 modifying the building. Although the builders were able to rectify the framework of the building, the later obstacles were unable to be conquered. After the Hindenburg accident in 1937 ""the owners of the Empire @CAPS1 Building realized how much worse that accident could have been"" if the dirigible had exploded over New York City. The safety of the city became a concern. Until the blimps were less flammable, it wasn't plausible to take the risk of housing them in densely populated areas. The final obstacle of the success of the mooring mast was ""nature itself."" The violent winds that whipped around the 101st and 102nd floors would spin the dirigibles around the mooring mast. This was ""neither practical or safe."" Overall, the obstacles the builders faced proved to be fatal to the success of the mooring mast."	4
The obstacles of the builders of the Empire State Building faced were hard because they couldn't just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building do to the frame work Also the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. Which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would also have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. And over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications have to be made to the building's framework The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from sides, with a steps-back design that imitated over all shape of the building itself capital rocket-shape mast would have four wings at its corners, of shiny-aluminum, and would rise to a conical roof that would house the mooring arm.	2
The @CAPS1 that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to all dirigible to dock there is that they @CAPS2 can't through on a top part to the building, they have to put it on piece by piece, or the building will become stressed to the point where it might collapse.	1
One obstacle the builders had to face was the amount of wind that was blowing that high in the air. The dirigibles were so big that the wind had a lot of resistance on them and made them sway from the back.Another obstacle was that the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen which is highly flamable Being filled up with such a flamable gas it could easily turn into a disaster. Especially with all the people who were so close to it on the ground.	2
"Based on the article The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced challenges in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, such as the lack of landing area, being practical, and ensuring safety. The lack of landing area was of the the challenges. ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area"". Since no dirigible could land on the Empire State Building without some fish and landing space this was a challenge the builders of the building faced. Another challenge was making the dock practical, ""one set of engineers here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement.."". This shows that a practical arrangement of the talking has yet been made, and therefore it was another challenge the builders faced. Lastly, the builders of the Empire State Building faced safety issues, "".... are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to this mast""-this informs that the safety of docking dirigibles has not been unsured yet, that it was still a challenge the builders faced area altogether, the builders of the Empire State Building faced challenges such as the lack of landing areas, being practical, and ensuring safety."	2
"In the excerpt of ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that prevented the docking of dirigibles at the Empire State Building was the use of Hydrogen rather than helium in dirigibles from out of the United States. This was a problem because hydrogen is very flammable. When the german dirigible was destroyed in New Jersey the architects of the Empire State Building realized how dangerous it was. Another obstacle faced by the builders was the weather. The weather affected the use of the mooring mast because ""The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" A practical reason why the mooring mast could not dock dirigibles At the Empire State Building was because of the law against airships. The law said that airships could not fly too low over urban areas making it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building. These are a Few of the many obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building which prevented the use of the mooring mast."	4
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the author describes many challenges the architects faced while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The architects had new challenges that would almost seem impossible to prevent at times. The height of the building, the weight of the dirigible against the building, and the fact that dirigibles are highly flammable, adds to the many obstacles the architects were faced with. The height of the building was a major problem for the architects. It was very difficult for pilots to safely maneuver around buildings, especially in a city with many buildings. The unpredictable winds meant the dirigibles could be blown into a building at any point. There was even a law against it that ""would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (para @NUM1). Another problem the architects encountered was the high flammability of the dirigibles. The dirigibles made in most other countries were made with hydrogen rather than helium. After another dirigible caught on fire people realized how much worse ""that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"" (para @NUM2). The biggest problem of all was the weight of the dirigibles on the massive height of the building. The architects saw that, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings' foundation"" (para @NUM3). They knew this was very unsafe for the passangers unloading and for the people in the building. Overall, the problems and challenges the architects faced were too strong for them to overcome."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One issue was the violent air currents that were at the top of the building. Even if the dirigibles successfully docked at the top of the building the back end of it would be thrashing around from the wind. If this happened and the blimp became uncontrollable it could crash into another building and fall to the ground where all the downtown New @CAPS1 walk. Putting weights on the end of the blimp would help that situation but as @CAPS2 says, ""dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" Another issue the builders faced was the fact that dirigibles were highly flammable. They learned their lesson and got it into their heads that their idea might not be so good after when the German blimp, the Hindenburg, was destroyed. "	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. If they were to succeed, they would have become a major aviation accommidation for transatlantic routes and new routes that were yet to come. In order to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the building, the mooring mast needed to be constructed and put on to the top of the building. Simply adding the masts to the building was no easily reached task. The Empire State Building's frame needed to be modified so it could withstand the stress from the dirigible mounted onto the mooring mast. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications were made to adjust the building's framework. Once the framework was adjusted, architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that was illuminated from the inside. This tower served as a mast for the building to come. Before the mooring mast could be constructed, the roof of the building had to be completed. Once the roof was constructed, the mooring mast was added with its own skeleton of steel. Once the entire project was finished, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that docking dirigibles would be much too dangerous. After all the rigorous work put into the mooring mast was completed, it became clear that it would never be used for its original purpose.	2
"The obstacles that the builders were faced with in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was that they could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. Is because it would have added to much stress to the frame of the Empire State Building, which could have caused the collapse over a period of time. So the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be ""modified and strengthened to accomade this new situation"", as said in the excerpt. After the builders completed framing the Empire State Building up to the eighty-fifth floor, it was now time to do the framing of the rooftop to create an area where the mooring mast would be placed. After the workers completed the framing of the rooftop, they build the mooring mast on to it, now the builders faced the challenge of framing the mooring mass. The builders framed the mooring mast with a skeleton of steel. The builders faced these challenges in the attempt to allow derilibles to dock on the Empire State Building."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they had to overcome was that if a dirigibles, which could reach up to a thousand feet in length, was moored to the tops of the building it would add stress to the building's frame. This meant the steel frame of the building had to be strengthened and modified to deal with the added stress. The cost of the modifications was over sixty thousand dollars. The next challenge was discovered after the building was finished. This was the fact that having dirigibles moor at the Empire State Building was unsafe. This first reason why it is unsafe is that most dirigibles, not from the United States, used hydrogen into helium and hydrogen is highly flammable. This meant an accident like that of the Hindenburg could happen above the highly populated downtown area of New York. Another problem that arose after the construction was that the shifting winds on top of the building were too violent for the dirigible, which would swivel around the mooring mast. All these challenges along with an existing law they did not allow airships to fly too low over urban areas were the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building and is why only one dirigible was ever moored there.	4
"Challenges can be faced when radical ideas are put into action. When faced with task of docking dirigibles, or zeppelins, atop the Empire State Building, the builders ran into challenges that are natural to come along with new thoughts. One challenge included was the fact of the wind from such an altitude as the Empire State Building made situations perilous for blimps and people on the ground. ""Even if the dirigible wer tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Another obstacle faced by builders was difficulties with the laws of the United States government. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@NUM2) These were some of the difficulties dealt with by builders in the construction of the Empire State Building's mast."	2
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obsticles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obsticle was the fact that dirigibles were dangerous when not handled correctly. If so, many people could die because it was within a densely populated area. In paragraph @NUM1, the author states, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1 was also an issue in allowing dirigibles to dock there; the wind at that height was very forcefull, and would become a problem. In paragraph @NUM2, the author states in relation to the wind, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Another obsticle was the laws against airships flying too low over urban areas. Paragraph @NUM3 states, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even a produced area..."" @CAPS2, all of these obsticles made it impossible in the end for dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building."	4
In the story construction workers faced a problem. The idea of having a dirigible's dock ontop of the empire State Building was comming to an end. When thinking about the idea the architecture Never put thought in legal persasures as in air crafts cant fly low on urban areas. Also the heavy wind that picks up from the building making the air craft hard to controll. Another was the dangers they could inflict to civilians. If not @CAPS1 right the air craft can get loose and dingle down to urban areas or like the german dirigible catch on fire and Blow up. Even though they had a prototype that work they discontinued the project giving air planes the better way to travel in the air.	3
There's more than one obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow blimps to dock there. The biggest obstacle was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other practical reason why blimps could not moor on the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles (blimps) to dock there. The greatest obsticle was nature itself. With violent changing winds and climate, it made it extremely hard to tie dirigibles down to the mooring mast. The other main reason why dirigibles could not moor on the Empire State Building was the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The dirigibles will never be tied down to the moor because it would break the law. Safety was also a big reason why the dirigibles could not be tied down to the moor. Dirigibles outside of the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen rather than helium to fill their dirigibles. The hydrogen is very flammable so people feared if it were to catch fire over a busy city like New York, all hell would let loose. These were a few examples of the struggles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.	3
In the article The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the architects of the empire state building faced multiple obsticals in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First there was the obvious concern, safety, a dirigible dangling over New York City does not seem very safe. And it @CAPS1 wasn't a reasonable thing to build, the empire state building was already tall enough, why build a mast that probably won't get much use anyway.	1
"In trying to build dock at the top of the Empire State Building for dirigibles, the workers faced many obstacles. One reason is because ""the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) because it would only be held by ""a single cable tether"" (@CAPS1. @NUM1) which would add stress to the building. And the only way to fix would be to spend ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications"" to strengthen it. Another obsticle was ""nature itself"" (@CAPS1. @NUM3). This is because the winds would be ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1. @NUM3). And the one way to solve it would be to put lead weights to weigh down the back, but its not ""practical nor safe."" (@CAPS1. @NUM3) The last reason why is because of the ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" so it would ""Make it illegal for a ship to ever tie to the building."""	4
Durining the @DATE1 and the 1930s, there was a fierce competition arising over constructing the largest building. To set the Empire State Building apart from the @ORGANIZATION1 decided to put a mooring mask for dirigibles. This would have both meaning and make the Empire State Building the worlds largest building. The mooring mask was certin to fail for a few reasons. For one, forign dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flamable and would cause a huge fire @CAPS1. Another reason is above the Empire State Building there are strong winds and currents that are constantely shifting. This would make it very difficult to control the dirigible. Pilots unable to control the dirigible would have great difficulty @CAPS2 their dirigible. Lastly the mooring dock failed because of the law. This law stated that it is illegal to fly air ships to low over urban areas. On 1931 @CAPS3 Clavan @CAPS4 the @CAPS5 of the mooring mask. By the late 1930's the Idea was dead.	3
"The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 outlines the problems architects had when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building. The idea was impractical, mainly because of safety reasons. Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. If an accident were to occur, the dirigible would crash into the thousands of pedestrians in New York City. Nature was another reason why this idea was impractical. In New York City, there was constantly shifting winds that swiveled the dirigible out of control, even when docked. Some dirigibles used lead weights to prevent the back from swiveling, but in New York City ""they would be dangling above pedestrians on the street... neither practical nor safe."" @CAPS1, air laws prevented the dirigible docks from becoming a reality. It was illegal for the dirigibles to even approach the area because of how low they would have to fly. Mooring masts were impractical and ""never fulfilled its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."""	4
Some obstacles that the Empire State builders had to face when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, added stress to the building's frame. The steel frame of the empire state Building had to be modified and strengthened to accomodate it with the new situation, which the cost was going to be over sixty thousand dollars. Another obstacle to allow dirigibles was the mast; an obstacle of the mast was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. When the dirigibles were going to land the back of the ship was going to swivel around the mase causing it to not be safe.	3
"There were numerous obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One big problem they faced was the wind. The way the mooring station was built meant that the wind could catch the tail of the dirigible, causing it to spin around the building. Also, when the mooring station was completed, the wind made it unsafe for dirigibles to get close to the building. Another problem they faced was the stability and support of the building. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's Framework."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This was so a blimp wouldn't pull the mooring station off the building. One final problem they faced was the safety of the people. It is said that most @CAPS2 dirigibles use flamible gasses to fly. If there was an accident like the Hindenburg over the busy New York streets it would be terrible. There were many problems faced by the building crew of the Empire state building, wind, stability, and safety are just a few."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the very important obstacles they had to face was the thousand-foot dirigible adding stress to the buildings frame. Therefore, ""... have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" (@NUM1) @CAPS1, the builders face the obstacle of safety. Dirigibles used hydrogen, ""... rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (@NUM2. line @NUM3) The greatest obstacle faced by the builders was nature. As the winds were shifting at the top of the building, the back of the dirigibles swiveled around the mast. Previous solutions; ""dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighed down in the back with lead weights..."" (@NUM4. line @NUM3-5) were not safe with the mooring mast on the Empire State Building. Lastly, an obstacle they faced was that there was a ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@NUM6. line @NUM7) this made it so the dirigibles could not even approach this area. There were several obstacles faced when the builders were trying to make the Empire State building a docking station."	4
Some problems the designers faced, were the violent air currents that form in urban areas, this would be a problem because the dirigible would be tossed around due to it's light weight. Another problem, is the fact that it would be too dangerous to land a dirigible over a densely populated area like New York City.	1
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock were very difficult. The builders had to modify and strengthen the building. The modifications were very expensive. ""Over sixty thousand dollars"". Another obstacle the builders faced were the winds on the top of the building. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast the back of the ship would swivel around. Also, They faced the safety. Builders were affraid that a @CAPS1 would happen because the dirigibles refill of hydrogen is very flammable. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS2, Another reason was that the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it clear that the dock would never happen. Even though they were pretty high of the ground it was still effective. They couldnt even tied it up and secure it so it won't fall because it was still against the law This law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."	4
The @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable land area. Another Obstacle they faced was that the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. They also had to make shore that No sharp objects would punkener the dirigibles. These are the @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire state building faced.	2
"Although the purpose of the mooring mast was to help dock passengers safely from the dirigible, there were many difficulties that could have endangered many. ""When the German dirigible '@CAPS1' was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (paragraph @NUM1) This shows that if an accident like a dirigibles flaming up above New York, there would be many serious injuries. ""In December 1930, the U.S. dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mass could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" (paragraph @NUM2) The toughest obstacle was to tie up the dirigible while the wind was extremely blowing at it. The idea of using the mooring mast atop of the Empire State Building was then, dropped."	3
There were many obstacles that the architects working on the mooring mast of the Empire State building had to face. The first was the fact that derigibles were not becoming the next transportation craze. Without derigibles to use the mast, it would serve no purpose. Another obstacle was the laws in place that prevented derigibles from flying too low over urban areas. So no dirigibles could have legally docked at the mast anyway. A final obstacle was nature. Fierce winds at the top of the building could spin the dirigibles around, making docking dangerous and impractical.	2
The builders of the Empire state building faced countless problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main problem is safety. Even though the dirigibles was going to be hooked on top of the building the wind could potentially whip the dirigible to crash into the building. Also after the crash of the Hindenburg the builders realized how much damage could be done if that were to happen in New York. Another problem they faced is the laws. The law prohibited any aircraft flying too low over urban areas. These problems caused this idea to disappear.	3
To allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was difficult. For example, the mast was really hard to build it. The engineers and architects needed to think about how to do it. And made sure passengers' safety. First of all, dirigibles is heavy. Hydrogen might be make it broken. Nobody know what will be happen when dirigibles fly on the sky. The body of the dirigible could swing in the wind. Perhaps out off controll.Which floor can we put the mast is also really important. I think no one like to work under the huge heavy dirigibles.	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem they encountered was that when moored at the top of the building the dirigible would add stress to the buildings frame. The builders would then have to ""modify and strengthen the empire state building to this new situation."" Another obstacle the builders would have to face is that since a dirigible used hydrogen it would be highly flammable. The builders didnt want an ""accident to take place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Lastly builders would have to face the obstacle of Nature. With winds so strong up top the building the dirigibles would need to be weighted down in back with lead weights which would be neither safe nor practical dangling high above pedestrians in New York City. In conclusion ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2 the builders go through many obstacles in building the empire state building."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" the builders faced many obstacles. The main issue that was not noticed till the end; was that it was an enormous safety problem. The builders wanted to make the mooring mast a docking point for dirigibles, blimps, and zeppelins from the country and from other countries, but other countries used hydrogen, rather than helium; and hydrogen is extremely flammable. A fire over a metropolis such as New York would be catastrophic! Also, dirigibles used large lead weights to weigh them down. Using them in a city dangling over pedestrians would be neither practical, nor safe."	2
"The invention of the mass on top of the Empire State Building was an undeveloped idea that created created a new means of transportation but arrive with numerous flaws. One obstacle the engineers faced was resting a one thousand foot dirigible over a twelve hundred fifty foot building because with combined wind pressure this would put stress on the building's structure and allow it to collapse. This transportation was also extremely dangerous to the public because many foreign dirigibles ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable (paragraph @NUM1)."" Not only this, if builders ever allowed dirigible's to dock on the building, the back of the airship would spin around the mooring mast due to shifting violent air currents as stated in paragraph @NUM2. In paragraph @NUM3, it says that an existing law would prohibit airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made docking dirigibles atop of the Empire State Building illegal because dirigibles would be above the people which was against the laws. All of these obstacles made the transportations a failure and as a result the use of the mast had disappeared."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building went through many difficult obstacles trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the difficult obstacles the builders went through is that the winds on top of the building were always shifting. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting do to violent air currents."" This quote is describing how bad the winds were and how it made it difficult for the builders to work. To solve that problem, the builders could have weighed weighed down the back with lead; but that would cause it to be dangling high above pedestrians on the street which isn't safe. ""But using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was not safe."" This quote is explaining how using lead would not be safe. Another problem is that it is illegal for airships to fly too low to urban areas. ""@CAPS1 an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."" This quote explains the law about airships. Clearly, the builders had many difficult obstacles."	3
Based ON this excerpt the builders faced A few problems when building the Empire State Building. One problem was actually docking the Zeppelin's or dirigibles. The wind was vicious at @NUM1 ft in the Air. Another problem the buiders faced with saftey. Since most dirigibles from outside the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium it was A fire saftey issue. This occurred After the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a Fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, ON may 6, 1937.	2
"Architects for the Empire State Building faced many problems trying install the landing gear on the mooring mast. There were many safety issues to get around landing a dirigible or blimp on the building. People in a populated area such as New York City, is not the safest place to land a blimp, ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as dowtown New York."" They could not take this risk. So, the competion for landing gear was called off. Another main cause was the wind current on top of the Empire State Building. It proved very difficult to keep a blimp level at high altitudes, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This could potentially result in the blimp detaching and hitting other buildings. This is why landing blimps on the Empire State building would be dangerous and difficult."	3
"The use of the mast on the empire state building for dirigibles faced many obstacles. Violent winds, the amount of structural support and anti low-flying aircraft laws made it impossible to use. The high winds would spin the back of the aircraft and therefore the entire dirigible around the spire, and the structural support of such was extremely risky. The main interfering point however was an, ""existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". These things inevitably lead to the mast not being put to use."	2
"In ""The @CAPS1 Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Which made it very difficult to make this project workable.The workers faced safety problems due to chemicals and certain gasses ""Most durigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (Amidon Lüsted ¶ @NUM1 lines @NUM2 + @NUM3) ""The owners of the Empire state Building realised how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (Amidon Lüsted ¶ @NUM1 lines @NUM5). The greatest obstacle to their successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents.In the excerpt ""The @CAPS1 Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in which they could not control."	2
The builders had many obstacles in their way to accomplish their Idea of docking dirigibles. One main problem was that most dirigibles around the world used hydrogen gas which is highly flammable which can make things very dangerous at such an altitude.                                                 The greatest obstacle to it's success was nature itself. The winds where the docking would occur were constantly shifting and this would make the stability of the dirigible very difficult with the back end stretching so far away from the tower. Another reason this wouldn't work was because of an already existing law against air ships flying so low over urban areas.	3
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced were all due to the addition of the mooring mast. First, the architects had to modify the steel frame of the Empire state building. The architects knew that the large mooring mass could not be simply placed on the building flat roof. Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains tha ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building frame"". (@CAPS1 @NUM1). Because, the building needed to adapt to the situation, they spent over @MONEY1 to modify the framework. Another obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building had to face were the safety issues of the new mooring mast. These concerns about the safety arrose from an incident when the Hindenburg, a German dirigible was destroyed by fir at Lakehurst, New Jersey. Because, the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium the risks were higher. Helium is more flammable. Lüsted writes ""the owners of the Empire State realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (Lüsted @NUM2). The Empire State Building was just an impractical location for an airship dock. Finally by the late 1930s it was certain that the mooring mass would not fulfill its purpose because dirigibles had now given way to airplanes."	4
"Based on the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, obstacles for the builders of the Empire State Building were presented because dirigibles were to dock there. The first obstacle was safety because most dirigibles from outside of the @LOCATION3 were filled with hydrogen which is very flammable compared to helium. The builders were concerned because on May 6, 1937 the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, since it was filled by hydrogen, in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The second obstacle was nature: ""The winds... were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast"" (paragraph @NUM1). This meant that passengers could not get off safely and the dirigible could hit anything in the vicinity if swung a wrong way. The last obstacle was an existing law against airships fly too low over urban areas which means that it was illegal for a ship to tie up to a building or approach the area. Therefore, the builders of the Empire State Building who attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there were presented many obsticles as shown by the excerpt, The Mooring Mast."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges with docking airships one of the most obveouse reasons was the danger of docking at such high altitudes. If an accident accured like a fire, the entire area would be in danger. The modifications made to the building itself were big enough, without needing any more additional work done. The most import reason would be manoverability. The strong winds made it difficult and almost impossable to control the blimp, never less dock it. The @ORGANIZATION2 law even banned aircraft of any type flying so low.	2
The builders of the Empire State building faced Problems to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some Problems were that most dirigibles from other countries are filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable, also The winds at the top of the building were constantly Shifting due to violent air currents and could cause the dirigible to wrap around the building. Another @CAPS1 the builders faced was a existing law against airships flying to low in urban areas, this law would make it illegal for the dirigible to even come near the building. They also had to spend @MONEY1 to upgrade the framework so it does not put to much strain on the top of the building.	3
"In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the architect and builders have to overcome very big obstacles while trying to make this plan of docking dirigibles work. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of this building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" With this enormous dirigible in the air and the wind blowing around would hurt the buildings structure."" The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" With all of the wind the dirigible would be tugging back and forth on the building. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" @CAPS1 to build a docking station the architects would have to transform the whole construction of the building."	3
"The workers on the Empire @CAPS1 Building ran into many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The workers ran into large problems with the safety of docking over a large city. Also, the reality of the construction and location was a future problem for the workers. The process was a troubling challenge overall.It was not very safe to have a large aircraft with passengers hanging over a large city. One percaution that was of great concern was that other dirigibles used hydrogen, ""and hydrogen is highly flammable."" The potential of having a fire over a city was a risk that they could not face. The dirigibles were not even allowed by law to get close enough to the Empire State Building to dock. The workers had to face reality when it came to the construction and location. The mast was so high up that dirigibles would not be able to dock because of ""violent air currents."" Some blimps did not even have the proper ""mooring equipment installed."" The project al ltogether was unrealistic so therefor it was a great challenge for workers docking dirigibles."	3
"When attempting to allow dirigibles to dock attop the Empire state building, the builders were faced with obsticles. One obsticle they faced was the strong wind current. As said in paragraph @NUM1, ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mast. Another obsticle was the added stress that would be put on the foundation of the building. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate..."" as stated in paragraph @NUM2. A third obsticle the builders faced in this matter was the dangers of fire, as well as the chances of endangering those down below, which is discussed in paragraph @NUM3. One last obsticle faced by the builders was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (paragraph @NUM4). Those are just some of the many major obsticles faced by builders, attempting to dock dirigibles on the top of the then tallest building in the world."	4
They faced challanges such as how to get the dirigibles to anchor on the building. There was really no safe way to do it. They also sayed the gas that keeps it floating is highly flamable. So it was like one big safty concern.In reality they ended up realizing its too dangerouse for them to do. If they took the chance and something went wrong innocent people could die.	2
The dirigibles had @NUM1 obstacles to face, They had posidletys of fire, poping, and law troudle. They feared the dirigible would get on fire for it has hydrogen, that is rather highly flammable. They do not want to relate to the acsident that happened in lakehurst, New Jersey in May 6, 1937. also withe the fear of pops rase more concens. for the wind might blow it of chores into another building with a sharpe top that could possibley puncher the baloon. The feared this happening in downtown New York were it is highly populated. another reson prodley the biggest was that Empire State Building wanted a law for air crafts flying low over urban areas, so that ment there was no chance they could do what they were planing on doing.	3
The builders of the Empire State building @CAPS1 threw many obstacles. They consulted with experts taking tours of the equipment and mooring operations at the U.S. Naval Air Station. The builders also had to meet with the president of a formed airship transport company.	1
"The builders of the Empire State building face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was overcoming the extra stress that a dock dirigible would add. In the excerpt The Mooring Mast author Marcia Amidon Lüsted states ""the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation..."" Another obstacle the builders faced was the violent weather at the top of the building. Lüsted says ""Even if the dirigibles was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and break the mooring mast."" This was a problem because it would make it unsafe for passengers to exit the dirigibles and walk down a gangplank connected to the Empire State building. The wind also made it difficult for a dirigible to navigate to the mooring mast without being blown into other buildings in the area. One of the greatest obstacles was making the mooring mast safe. Lünden states ""most dirigibles from outside the U.S use hydrogn rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If a dirigibles were to catch fire over a heavily populated area like New York the casualties would be numerous. These were some of the many obstacles builders faced when attempting to construct a mooring mast on the Empire State Building."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of these obstacles was that they would have to modify the entire building's steel frame so that it could withstand the extra stress and pressure of having a dirigible moored to its top. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to made to the building's framework."" Another obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced was that dirigibles were highly flammable because they were filled with hydrogen. The owners realized it may be a bad idea when the Hindenburg burst into flames. If that had happened at the Empire State Building it would have had extremely drastic results. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire... The owners of the Empire State The building realized how much worse that accident could of been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" The biggest obstacle though was nature itself; ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents... The back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" @CAPS1 were just three of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"Based on the excerpt, some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced on letting things dock there was the law against air ships, safety and nature. There was a law that said that air craft's weren't allowed to fly that low. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" Also it was unsafe due to the hydrogen in the dirigibles. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Nature was a factor because of the high winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Due to the obstacles that the engineers never thought of, the Empire wtate building never became a dirigible landing."	3
" There were many obstacles faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building.One of these obstacles was the wind currents atop the building. They were uncontrolable, forceful and unexpected. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it explains how a U.S. Navy dirigible attempted to dock but could not due to the winds, ""U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds"" (Lüsted) @CAPS2 the winds were an issue. Another problem was a law against airships that flew to low to the ground in urban areas. Not only was the idea dangerous, but it was also illegal. On May 6, 1937, a German dirigible called Hindenburg exploded in Lakehurst, New Jersey. This was due to the flammable hydrogen that was used to lift the dirigible. Since all dirigibles at this time obtained hydrogen another threat was introduced. This was the chance of it exploding while trying to dock on the Empire State Building. If it exploded while above numerous citizens, many lives would be in @CAPS3. The mooring mast idea, was now non-sense."	4
"Based on the excerpt the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that a ""thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame."" This is a very important obstacle because of the frame becomes to stressed by excess wait of the dirigible the building might collapse. another obstacle is wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". This is also a major obtacle because the dirigibles were very light lighter than air so the violent winds would swing it arond that high in the air is not a safe thing especially considering that downtown @CAPS1 is below were there are thousands of people. And a third obstacle was the Law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This made it illegal to fly that low, to be able to tie the blimp up to the building."	3
What the builders are faced with while trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, one of them was nature. The winds at the top of the building were always shifting cause of violent air currents. Even if they were able to tie the front of the dirigibles to the building the cable that is holding it will cause pressure to the building. They only way you could have the building not have pressure on it was to modify the building so it can get stronger that would cost over sixty thousand dollars. Even if they were able to get around all these obstacles there is a law against airships flying to low over the city. So either way it would not have been able to happen.	3
The problems That The empire state building faced was alot of things for one example it was Never @CAPS1 out clearly because They didn't know about The law That aircrafts could Not come @CAPS2 any suburb areas and They really saw what could of happened when The hindenburg burned to the ground. Anthor great obstacles They faced was Nature becuse The winds on top of the building were always shifting because of violent air currents and This would cause The dirigble To swivel around the mooring mast. one last obstacle That was faced was The structure of the dirigble becuse if it kept on landing on Top of The building it would keep on destroying The building's sturcture. These are some of The obsacles that were faced.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the law. There was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (¶ @NUM1). Although at first the builders looked past this, there were many other non-legal obstacles that they faced. There was also a safety issue with docking dirigibles, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (¶ @NUM2). One last obstacle the builders faced was the wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (¶ @NUM3). With all of these obstacles it would not only be improbable, but close to impossible to dock dirigibles on the mast of the Empire State Building."	4
In the excerpt  The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is that it was strictly hard for architects to drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire Building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. Many dilemmas and complications the builders faced. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frame work.	2
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first initial issue that they faced was the stress the blimp would put on the building As the article states here, ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation...the building would have to be modified and strengthened to  accomodate the situation."", the stress prompted the need for further improvements on the building itself; which obviously costs time and money. Another problem they faced was the impracticality of the dirigibles themselves. The dirigibles require hydrogen, which is highly flammable. As a result of the Hindenburg disaster, ""the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident would have been over a densely populated area such as downtown @LOCATION1"" Another great issue that presented itself was the inconsistent violent air currents, which made safe docking for the blimps difficult. This problem could be combated with lead weights, but they ""were neither practical nor safe."" And lastly, there was already ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law prevented the blimps from being able to fly as low as the building, let alone land there. In conclusion, the builders of the mooring mast at the @CAPS1.S.B. faced many obstacles in its construction which questioned its safety and prevented it from being practical."	4
"In the excerpt 'The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First of all, if a thousand-foot dirigible held by a single cable tether was moored at the top of the building, it would add stress to the frame. The workers had to transmit the stress ""All the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" They had to modify & strengthen the frame, which would cost over sixty thousand dollars. They also had to design an ornamental mast with four wings to house the mooring arm. What the builders did not realize was that their mooring mast not only had problems the frame work, but the dirigible would swivel around without being able to use lead weights to hold it down. There was nothing they could do to prevent this, flammability, or existing laws."	2
There were three main reasons as to why the Empire State Building would not serve well as a mooring mast for the dirigibles. For one, it was unsafe. Most of dirigibles were filled with highly flammable hydrogen and the fear of a Hindenburg repeat was to great. Especially over a highly populated city. Two, violent air currents were present in and around New York City. Docking a dirigible would be too difficult and if it were docked, the wind would make it unsafe. Lastly, a law was passed that made it illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. This made it impossible for dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. These three obstacles were all contributing factors as to why the Empire State Building could not serve as a dirigible mooring mast.	4
"When builders attempted building a structure to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock on the Empire State Building in New York, they did not realize how many problems they would encounter. Upon designing the mast on top of the building, designers realized that if a dirigible was docked on to the building, it would add stress to the frame, and therefore, would have to modify the Empire State building's structure. To do this, sixty thousand dollars was needed, as well as more hours of labor. Another obstacle encountered was the fact that nature got in the way, and ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (line @NUM1). It would be difficult to dock it to the building, because the dirigible would be constantly swaying due to wind, and passengers could not get on the blimp. Furthermore, blimps usually were moored in open fields, with the aid of lead weights to help weigh them down. If lead weights were introduced in New York City, where it was very populated, they could potentially fall while dangling in the air, endangering pedestrians. In conclusion, builders faced many obstacles while trying to achieve docking capability for dirigibles on the Empire State Building."	4
When building the Empire State Building, there was obstacles faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building frame. So the architects have to motify it and stregthen the building. Spending over sixty thousand dollars on the new motification. The building will turn from @NUM1 floors to 102. From there dirigible passenger will board from there. In conclusion when building the Empire State Building there was obstacles faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	2
The obstacles that builders faced while building the Empire State Building was, first the buildings structure was not strong enough, the winds were too strong, and the law. The buildings structure could not hold a @NUM1 foot dirigible. The winds would make the dirigible move, which could also ruin the frame of the building. Also the law said that the airships could not fly too low over a city. That was some of the obstacles that the workers faced while building the Empire State Building.	2
Mooring mast was added to the top of the building where it would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers on and off. Dirigibles were docked by an electric winch. The body of the dirigibles swang in the breeze. One set of engineers in New York tried to dope out a practical. They worked really hard. The Government people in Washington were figuring on some @ORGANIZATION1 of mooring airships to the mast. They eventually were successful on what they were trying to accomplish by building a mooring mast so that the dirigibles would have a place to land for fuel and service.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles docked there. Based on excerpt, one of these obstacles were the lack of suitable landing area. The dirigibles were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City. Another obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. If they got close enough to tie up, the captain could not even take his hands off the control levers because of the fear that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigibles shell. Also, for the dirigible to be added, over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework.	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first big obstacle was designing the mast. Architects couldn't just drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building; it had a flat roof. If a dirigible was moored it would add additional stress to the frame, and wind pressure would be a factor as well. The mooring mast was never destined to fulfill the purpose of landing dirigibles, because it isn't safe, nature (dirigible with swivel in back) it could possibly be weighed down by lead in back but that cant be hung above pedestrians on the street. A practical reason why they could not moor was a particular law already in place against air ships flying to low. Although, this had happened two dirigibles had attempted to moor there the first turned back due to bad weather conditions and the second one was as a publicity stunt had dropped off newspapers before the landing gear could be installed so they had to use a wire to recieve them. In result the idea was shelved.	3
"Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles well attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the ""violent air-currents."" Due to these currents, it became very hard to be able to allow a dirigible to dock at the top of the empire state building, without blowing away. Another obstacle was safety. The dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, instead of helium. Hydrogen is a very flammable object and if an accident were to happen, a flaming balloon flying over a highly populated area of New York could become very dangerous. Although the idea of making docking stations for dirigibles is a good idea, there are too many obstacles and hazards preventing it from ever happening."	2
"The builders faced many obstacles in attempting to ensure that dirigibles could dock at the Empire State Building. For example, the first problem that arose was construction of the mast atop the building. According to the excerpt, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" From this you immediately know that the frame of the Empire State Building would have to be properly modified in order for the dirigible to safely and successfully dock at the mast. Another minor issue was making the whole construction look decorative. ""... the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside..."" @CAPS1, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" @CAPS2, the winds at that altitude would have been to unstable for a dirigible to dock. The problem is that the winds could potentially ""swing"" the rear of the dirigible around the mast, which is extremely dangerous and risky."	3
"In the Mooring Mast, Marcia explains how Al Smith attempts to put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, to allow dirigibles (blimps) to station their for several hours. The architects faced many obstacles in trying to adding mast onto the design of the Empire State Building. One of these obstacles were remodifing the building, so the weight of the blimp wouldn't stress the foundation. ""A Thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" (¶ @NUM1) A different obstacle that delayed the progression of blimps being dock at the top of the Empire State Building, was because of safety issues. Most blimps outside of the U.S. used hydrogen, which was highly flammable, rather than helium. And because New York was highly populated, there was no doubt that there would be frequent fires. Even the owners of the Empire State Building realized that this danger, on May 6, 1937."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Those obstacles were safety reasons against it, laws that made it illegal, and nature (weather). In order to allow dirigibles to dock on the building, all aspects of the project had to be safe - but they weren't. ""Most dirigibles from outside the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (¶ @NUM1). A German dirigible had caught fire in New Jersey and the Empire State building owners realized how bad a fire could be in downtown New York, which is densely populated. Secondly, there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban area"" (¶ @NUM2), which would make even trying to approach the building illegal. Lastly, nature was not going to change and suddenly cooperate for one project and it was unpredictable when or if the weather would permit docking. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents... The back of the ship would swivel around... dangling high above pedestrians on the street"" (¶ @NUM3). Sounds safe, or practical? Definitely not. In the end, all of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced were too great to overcome and the top of the building never became a mooring mast for dirigibles."	4
"The worker faced many obsticals while building the Empire State Building. Sence Al Smith was trying to compete with the Chrysler Building for the tallest building he kept adding on to the Empire State Building. To make his building the tallest in the world he added the mooring mast. This mast would make the Empire State building 1,250 feet tall. The builders had to redesine the entier buildings sceleton. They had to make sure the Empire State Building could hold up the mast. The mast was made so that Dirigibles could land thire and people could get on and off it. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened."" The builders fixed the steel fram of the building with in two months. The building went on as planned. After awhile the people begin to see that the mas couldn't be used for dirigibles because of the violent wind currents at the top of the building."	2
"When builders were building the Empire State Building they came across many obstacles. One problem was lack of suitable landing area in @CAPS1 (paragraph 6). Al Smith came up with the idea to put a mooring mast to the top of the building to allow dirigibles to land there, but there was many problems with this mooring mast. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" (paragraph @NUM1) architects had to strengthen the building's foundation. Over sixty thousand dollars was spent to try and modify the buildings framework. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" (paragraph @NUM2) The winds were shifting and the back of the ship would swivel around, which was not safe. Another reason is that airships flew too low over urban areas. Having a mooring mast for dirigibles to land was dangerous, going against some laws, and a lot of work."	4
In this excerpt there were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building. The obstacles they face were the dirigible and the sucess of the mooring mast. The dirigible were enormous steel framed balloons, with envelopes of cotton fabric. filled with hydrogen and helium to make it lighter than air. unlike the balloon, a dirigible could be maneuvered by the use of propellers and rudders. like a gandala. Another obstacle is the sucessful use of the mooring mast. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current. It could also weight down and dangle above the pedestrians wasn't safe. All in all these were the obstacles they had to face.	1
The obstacles that the builder's faced were @CAPS1 avoidable. The first obsticle they faced was the @CAPS2 landing space they had. If they had thought a little bit longer they most likey could of figured out a way to overcome that problem. Now a @CAPS3 a couple of obsticles to talked about the fate of the Mast. Everybody including Al Smith should have thought about the safty, it Should have been a first priority. The builder's Should have seen a problem like this coming, with a poor plan to build Something @CAPS4 has everdone before.	1
"In the beginning, all the plans made for the Empire State Building seemed perfectly plausible. Dirigibles would tie up to the mast on top of the building and dock there while the passengers got off; easier said then done. Soon enough they began to realize all the flaws in this plan, there were @NUM1 main @NUM2.) After seeing how easily the ""Hindenburg was destroyed by fire"" they realize it was too dangerous having dirigibles fly over such a ""densely populated area such as downtown New @NUM3.) When the Navy dirigible Los Angeles tried to dock, it ""could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" It was far to windy for the light dirigibles to stay in @NUM4.) @CAPS1 with the wind problem, if somehow a dirigible was able to be tied down ""the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. ""@CAPS2, unlike dirigible landing fields it was far too risky to dangle weights above the city of @CAPS3 just to hold the back of the dirigibles down.@NUM1.) Unlike previously thought, dirigibles were not the way of the future, airplanes became the newer more efficient way in the late 1930's.A good idea, but as they said: ""destined to never fulfill its purpose."""	3
The builders faced many obstacles when trying to make it possible to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building. They could not add an all steel mooring mast on top of the building because it would add too much stress to the frame and foundation of the building. If they were going to add a mooring mast, they needed to modify and strengthen the building's frame.The other problem the builders faced was safety. They had to consider the fact that may dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen, which was highly flammable. The Building was in a densely populated area in downtown New York City. The last obstacle the builders faced was nature. The winds on top of the building were very strong and the air currents frequently shifted. This would have made the dirigibles swivel around the mast.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that most dirigibles outside the U.S. used hydrogen, which is highly flammable. With downtown New York being a densely populated area, that wouldn't be such a great idea.Another obstacle they had to face was the weather itself. The Empire State Building was very high so it got really windy. The winds on the top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents.They also weren't thinking about the government when they were building the mooring mast. There was a law stateing that airships couldn't fly to low to urban areas. It would be illegal if a ship even tried using the mooring mast.	3
"In the excerp ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire state building faced many problems when constructing the dirigibles dock. One is the winds and the safety of the building and people. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents... using the Empire state building was neither practical nor safe."" Another obstacle that the builders faced was that there was a law that prohibited airships to fly too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegle for the ship to even tie up to the building or even approach the area."" There was also another problem. It was the building's structure and the foundation. The builders made over sixty thousand dollars of modifications to the building structure in order to construct the mast."	3
The builders faced many challenging obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building. The builders first talked about such as Al Smith to try to make the Empire State building the tallest building in the state, so it would be a great forefront for travelers, and they got it up high to @NUM1 feet. But now there obstacle was to have a dirigible reach the top point of the empire state building. Al Smith wanted for the top of the empire state building to be a landing area, where they could go refueling for hours, or service, and to let passengers on or off the dirigible. So that was one of the obstacles that the builders had to face, to make it work.	1
"The mooring mast atop the empire state buildings problems should have been foreseeable before its construction. The workers building it were certainly against the odds during its construction. The top of the Empire State Building was in a constant weather crisis, ""Winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". This meant that a dirigible that would attach to the mooring mast would be swaying in the wind. On land, dirigibles have lead dead weights that weighted the back so it didn't sway but that just wasn't practical hanging over crowded city streets. Also, the building could not support a dirigible without transferring its energy back down to the foundation. This meant that the entire building had to be reinforced to move the energy. It was also illegal for dirigibles to fly that low over urban areas, and since most @CAPS1 blimps were using hydrogen, a highly flammable substance, the safety of the project was questioned. After the Hindenburg, people seemed more reluctant to support such a project and even the owners of the Empire State Building realized how catastrophic an accident over a place like downtown New York could be. Overall, the theory of a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building would remain a theory due to predictable obstacles."	4
"The engineers involved in the creation of the Empire State Building were forced to confront reality when an array of obstacles presented themselves during the time in which the were trying to dock dirigibles. The primary problem was the usefulness of this dock creation. Though this idea was innovative, it was not practical, as dirigibles were never destined to be a popular source of transport. The malfunction in the creation of the idea was its focus. This is because the goal in this work was not to create a successful dock, but to add footage to the building. If the focus had been different, the outcome may have been more rewarding. Technical problems also arose. Based on laws, safety, and practicality it could not function. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen,"" creating an extreme fire hazard in a highly populated place that would transform into a deathtrap. The anchor for the blimp would only secure it at one point allowing the blimp the spin around, dangerously in the wind. Lead weights, the only solution to this, would disrupt pedestrians. There was also an ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas,"" making the project completely unpractical. Both attempts at reaching the building failed, displaying the reality of the flaws. Winds and other complications were preventative. All in all, the builders were destined to be unsuccessful with the plethora of flaws in this project."	3
one of the obstacles that had to face was they had to make it taller because it was sapoosed to be the tallest building. They also had problems with it so they had to keep fixing it.	0
There was one major problem with the dirigibles docking on the Empire State Building. This major problem was that the mooring mast is so high up in the air and downtown New York where The Empire State Building is located is such a crowded area. If something goes wrong it will affect a huge area because New York is such an urban area. It is a good idea but Al Smith did not take all the precautions that he needed to. Because if something does go wrong a lot will go wrong because downtown New York is such a crowded area. Thats the main obstacle that the builders had to overcome with letting dirigibles dock on the mooring mast of the Empire State Building.	2
"The excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2 describes the creation of The Mooring Mast, and its purpose to extending the height of the Empire State Building. Although during the 1930's the concern of the Mooring Mast serving as a docking area for drigibles, also known as today as blimps. After the 85th floor frame was built and the skeleton of the mast of steel and stainless steel glass windows, issues concerning the landing drigibles arose within the public.There were @NUM1 major reasons why the Mooring Mast of the Empire State Building was never really completed. One reason was because of safety. The excerpt explains how dirigibles from outside of U.S used hydrogen instead of helium. And, using hydrogen is extremely flammable. They used the example of the German diriglie Hindenburg being destroyed b/c it was on fire in @LOCATION1.Second reason was the problem of wind currents. Winds were extremely violent. Dirigibles would move and sway alot b/c of the strong winds. And the moving dirigibles being that they were at least @DATE2 ft long dangled high above urban areas which wasn't safe at all for people walking under it.Thirdly was the issue of it being against the law for airships to fly too low over urban areas was also a safety hazard for people. It would be illegal for dirigibles to be tied up on mooring mast above cities filled w/people risking that it might fall onto people."	4
"Based on the excerpt from The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced quite a few obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, Al Smith, the four-term governor of New York, was determined to create the tallest building in the world; even taller than the Chrysler building being @NUM1 feet tall. He also wanted the building to be aesthetically pleasing, and nothing ordinary. His determination led him to the idea of the mooring mast, which in itself came with additional obstacles. ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"". This meant that the frame would have to be modified and strengthened. Other obstacles included the fact that dirigibles were highly flammable, and could have caused a giant chaotic mess if over a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Also, ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" meaning that even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel everywhere, which was ""neither practical nor safe."""	4
When building the Empire State Building, the builders had to think about the Safety of allowing the dirigibles and their passengers dock there. They had to think about the winds at the top of the building. The wind currents change violently at the top of the building and because they wouldn't be able to weigh the back of the ship down, the dirigible would spin around and around the mooring mast. They also had to think about dirigibles from other countries. These dirigibles used hydrogen which is more flammable then the helium ships.	3
The builders of the empire state building could not build the moor mast for the dirigibles on top of the building because it is too high and the roof of Empire state building was to flat. Building the mooring mast takes a lot of efforts because they have to care about wind pressure and holding cable on top of the building. They design the @NUM1 floor with glass to make observation area and boarding area for dirigible passengers. However it has a lot of problems the building. At first the helium is flammenble so it is too dangerous and the accident can be worse. They think greatest obstacle to successful use of the mooring mast is nature because winds on top of the building are constantly shifting due to violent air current, so it can pratact from worst accident but it is still not safe.	2
The builders faced a lot of obstacles when building the empire state Building. They had to build it higher than any other building, but make sure its stable at the same time. They also had to make the top of the building perfectly or else the dirigibles would not be able to land. Eventually it was safe enough for the dirigibles to land and the people could get off and take a tour of the top part of the building.	1
Based on the exerpt, the obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced were all for nothing. They spent extra money to restruture things but there was no need. Even if they found some way to get the dirigibles to dock, it was already illegal for aircraft to fly that close to cities.	1
Though the idea to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building was seriously considered, safety and reality made in an unrealistic feat. In order for the mooring mast to successfully hold a dirigible, over @MONEY1 worth of modifications had to be made to the framework of the building. Still @CAPS1 got in the way, the greatest being safety. Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen gas rather than helium, which is highly flammable. The owners of the Empire State building realized how bad a dirigible fire would be, and more so if it took place over the densely populated city of New York. Wind also was a serious factor that disassembled the idea. If the dirigible were to be tied to the mast, the back of the ship which swing around, and lead weights were out of the question. Blocks of lead hanging above pedestrians in the streets of New York was neither a practical nor safe idea. An additional obstacle was the existing law that would not allowed airships to fly low, or too close to urban areas. Even if it was attempted, ships would have a hard time docking because of forceful winds. These @CAPS1 were all stumbled across in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the building, an idea that is no longer considered.	4
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was in paragraph 6, the excerpt says, ""one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" This means that the architects needed to build enough area to land the dirigibles, precisely and carefully. Another obstacle was in paragraph @NUM1, which said, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" This is explaining that the outcome of nature can be predicted, but it cannot be controlled. The amount of ""violent air currents"" can disturb the landing of dirigibles and it is ""neither practical nor safe"" for the dirigibles to dangle high above the pedestrians that are on the street. Unfortunately, Al Smith's plan to able the dirigibles to moor at the Empire State Building was unsuccessful. There was a law stated in paragraph @NUM2, that made ""it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approached the area"". Instead of using the mooring mast, the dirigibles gave way to airplanes."	3
"When the builders of the Empire state Building were constructing the mooring mast for the dirigibles, they faced obsticles that could have jeopardized the project. There were two aspects that the builders had to pay extra attention to, structural integrity, and design. Since ""the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Building's flat roof,"" The builders had to modify the building's frame. These modifications cost over @MONEY1. The other aspect that posed an obsticle was design. The architect, John Tauranac, described the plan to make the mast ""more than ornamental,"" and ""more than something as mundane as a water tank. So, to fufill the architect's high aspirations, the builders constructed a ""shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside. This required a lot of extra work for the builders. Dispite the obsticles, the boilders got the job done."	2
"In the excerpt, the builders and architects building the Empire State Building had numerous problems trying to build the mast on the top of the building. One reason was that they built it before even considering the problems it may cause. The biggest problem was safety: ""the hydrogen used in the dirigibles was highly flammable."" Another problem was wind: ""they would never be able to use the mooring mast because of the violent winds shifting at that height."" If the dirigible was ever tied to the building, ""it's back end would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The derigibles moored in fields could be held down with lead weights but using those @NUM1 feet above downtown New York would not be safe at all. The final problem was a law against airships flying that low over cities and pedestrians. So, neadless to say, it wouldn't work out."	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced were many. The architects could not simply drop the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building that was only held by a single cable tether. This would add stress to the buildings frame. To be able to handle the dirigible's load the steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and Strengthened, which was over sixty thosand dollars 'worth. Another obstacle was nature. The winds on top of the building were always shifting which could lead to the back of the ship swiveling around and around the mooring mast.	2
"In their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building the builders ran into obstacles that in the end prevented the whole idea from moving on. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@NUM1 line @NUM2) because of the changing winds atop the building there would be no safe way to moor a, lighter then air, dirigible on top of a high building. The wind also posed another problem because if the captin let go of the controls the dirigible might spear itself atop another pointy sparer, thus leading to the other high buildings to be an obstacle. The Law of the day also became an obstacle ""an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas"" (@NUM3 line 1) the building itself was high up but even at the top it wasn't legal for any airship to moor due to hieght restrictions. These attempts at building a mooring dock atop the Empire State building would have sent to New York spirling up ward to being in the land inovation but the obsticles were to great to surpass."	3
"Al Smith, a former governor of New York, led the way in constructing the Empire state building. This building was being constructed to be the tallest building, taller than the Chrysler building which stood at @NUM1 feet tall. In order to make the Empire State building taller than the Chrysler building, Al Smith wanted to add a mooring mast to the top for docking dirigibles. This idea faced many obstacles. First, the passage states that ""The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthen to accommodate this new situation."" This would cost a large amount of money to construct. Also, ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1, the passage states the issue that ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The builders realized many problems after the mooring mast was constructed. The builders should have thought of each situation before building the mast which cost a lot of money. Although the mast was no longer used, the Empire State building still stood at the height of @NUM2 feet, the tallest building built."	3
In attempting to let dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building the builders faced many problems. The first problem was the fact that most dirigibles from outside of the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium. The problem with hydrogen is that it is highly flamable and would be a huge risk to have a hydrogen dirigible over a city full of pedestrians because it could catch on fire and hurt them.Secondly, the wins at the height of the Empire State Building were always shifting which presented great risk to pilots. If their dirigible got blown off course it could collide with other tall buildings in the city. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles got blown off course by the strong winds and the pilot could not take his hands off the controls in fear of hitting other buildings.Lastly, there was a pre-existing law that would have made it illegal for a dirigible to have entered the airspace around the Empire State Building.	3
"By reading the passage ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted it is easy to see the many complications with landing a dirigible on top of a 1,250 ft. building. For one there is the natural effect of wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS1 winds would make it difficult to land any floating aircraft anywhere if the back wasn't able to be weighted down. Another obstacle the builders faced was that the frame had to be strong enough to hold a @NUM1 ft. long dirigible. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" The worker's then had to spend over @MONEY1 to remodel the framework of the Empire State Building. Another issue is that anchoring the blimps would be illegal. According to ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" All these safety troubles and violations would all together make the ""mooring"" an impossible feat."	4
While attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. The first obstacle they dealt with was the fact that mooring such heavy blimps would add stress to the building. In fact, 'the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation.' Another obstacle they endured was the fact that the hydrogen gas used in the dirigible was very flammable. As bad as the Hindenburg explosion was, it could have been much worse, 'if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York.' It was also very dangerous that the blimps would fly so low over an urban area. Lastly, the strong winds would making mooring difficult. Winds that high up on a building are, 'constantly shifting due to violent air currents.' The workers clearly had many problems in building the mast and it just couldn't be completed.	3
Diregible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION1 on @DATE1 The owners of the Empire state building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York        In The MOORING MAST          Dirigibles had a top speed of eighty mile per hour and they could cruise at seventy miles per hour for thousands of miles without needing refueling some were as longht as four blocks in New york city The one obstacle to their expanded us in New york city was the lack of a Suitable landing area	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" written by Marcia Amidon lüsted she explained the challenges dirigibles faced when trying to dock to the Empire state building. The @CAPS1 had to take into account the obstacles of the make up of dirigibles, the building structure and weather conditions when attempting to create a landing area for dirigibles. A mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building could never be functional. Dirigibles must be lighter than air to fly. Gases such as helium and hydrogen are used to make blimps less dense. Being highly flamable, hydrogen could easily create a massive fire. The owners of the Empire State Building, decided if the blimp ever caught on fire it would be a much larger disaster over an area with a large population. Another factor that halted the docking of dirigibles was the building structure. The docking of a dirigible adds extra stress to the Empire State Building. The @CAPS1 were forced to design the framework of the building so it was strong enough to not collapse under the extra pressure. This took time and ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications hat to be made to the buildings frame work"". Lastly weather conditions tested the @CAPS1, on the top of the Empire State Buildings the winds are quite unpredictabled. They often shift because of ""violent air current"". No matter how the builder tie the dirigible to the mast the blimp will be unsafe. Due to winds, and structure of the building as well as blimp, the @CAPS1 couldn't create a docking area for dirigibles on the Empire State Building."	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced several challenges in the completion of the landing dock for dirigibles. The first problem was the frame of the building. The frame was not strong enough to support the dirigibles when docked so the had to reinforce the frame to withstand the strain the dirigibles would present. The next problem was lack of a suitable landing area They decided to put an anchor on the top of the building to secure the dirigibles when docked. The anchor was a winch at the top of the building but the violent winds at the top of the building would not allow the pilot of the dirigible to get close enough to the ancor because of fear that the dirigible might be speard by a nearby building. Another reason why the dirigibles could not be docked on the top of the Empire State building is because of a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. A couple of attempts have been made but to this day nobody has successfully docked a dirigible on top of the Empire State building. 	3
"When the architects first looked at creating a safe landing zone for the dirigibles they over looked several key factors. The Empire State building is over @NUM1 feet tall, at those heights the winds become very powerful and would blow the diridible all over the place. This was proved in paragraph @NUM2. The Goodyear blimp called the ""Columbia"" attempted to reach the mooring mast although they had a skillful pilot he could not get the Steel framed balloon close enough to dock on the Spire. Another factor the architects did not weigh in to the equation was that most diridibles were filled with hydrogen which is very flammable. If a zeppelin did catch on Fire then that would be on massive ball of fire coming down on the streets of downtown New York. The ""Hindenburg"" gave us the example which was all we needed to see to change our mind about wanting a massive flammable balloon hoovering over the streets of New York City."	3
"Based on the excerpt, there were a few obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One reason was that ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" The owners of the Empire State building realized that if a dirigible was destroyed by fire over a density populated area like New York, there could have been a huge acadent One of the greatest obstacles however was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" When the dirigibles would try to dock, they sometimes could not even get close to the building because of the strong winds By having the dirigibles hanging over pedestrians on the streets of New York, it was considered unpractical and unsafe. Due to mother nature and safety reasons, the builders of the Empire State building faced a few problems in allowing dirigibles to dock there"	3
Based on the excerpt, I dont think they should have attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. According to the excerpt, I think this because something really bad could of happened and something probably has happend, But back then they really had no choice except for balloons.	0
"This project towards ""transportation of the future"" for the Empire State Building was no easy task. One of the major obstacles was the ""stress to the building's frame"". The workers had to make over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to accommodate the dirigibles. This would strengthen the frame of the building so that the wind pressure would be ""transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"". Another issue with this mooring mast was the ""violent air currents"" that were ""constantly shifting"" the winds on the roof. This would cause the dirigible to swing around the building while it was docked. Allowing these giant aircrafts to ""dangle high above pedestrians on the street"" was ""neither practical nor safe. These obstacles caused the workers and architects to postpone the build."	3
One of the original purposes of the Empire State Building was to be a loading dock for dirigibles or blimps. This was meant to help New York be a leader in modern traveling. Yet there were many obstacles that eventually put an end to the idea of a mooring mast. A major problem was nature itself. The wind on top of the building was constantly changing because of the air currents. This would cause the dirigible to swing around the mast. The idea of weighting the back was immediately ruled out because of the danger imposed on the pedestrians on the street. Also there was a law that stated airships could not fly too low over urban areas, which would make it illegal for and dirigible to tie up or even approach the area.	3
"The idea was kind of unrealistic in the first place. When these dirigables would try to dock to this building, the structure of the building wouldn't be able to handle the violent winds and the zeppelin. It caused many problems. What if the dirigible attempted to dock and the heavy winds blew it's tail end around to hit a building. The Hindenburg, another zeppelin, was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, @ORGANIZATION1. If a disaster like this occurred in such a heavily populated place, it would be chaos. Impractical and unsafe, this plan wouldn't work. They would need something more stable. The plans of this weren't completely thought through. All these problems, combined, would cause them to postpone the building of the landing gear. These plans for the ""new"" age of transportation with dirigibles would never happen. Airplanes were a safer and more efficient new way to travel."	3
The builders of the Empire state building encountered many obstacles that prevented dirigibles from docking there. A main concern was safety, after Hindenburg, a German dirigible, was destroyed by fire over New Jersey. This prompted the realization that had such a disaster occurred over New York, a highly populated urban area, it could have been far worse. Another obstacle that was encountered was bad weather conditions. The winds on the top of the Empire State Building were consistently shifting, making it impossible for a dirigible to stay unmoving. If the dirigible was so unsteady, it would be very unsafe for it to be floating above millions of people. Lastly, it was illegal for a dirigible to tie up to the mast or even approach the area due to a law that prevented all airships from flying too low over urban areas. Due to all the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building, it is apparent that dirigibles were simply not meant to dock there.	4
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building were lack of area, populated area, and hydrogen is highly flammable. ""Also known today as blimps, dirigibles were actually enormous steel framed balloons, with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter than air."" Hydrogen is very dangerous and it's flammable and Empire State Building is located in a populated area, so it's dangerous to risk. Also as German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, it proved to the owners of Empire State Building that it's more dangerous than it looks. Other reason why dirigibles couldn't moor at the top of the building was the existing law agains all airships flying too low over populated areas."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle they faced was they couldnot simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. ""The thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"" (paragraph @NUM1). The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. The second obstacle of allowing dirigibles to dock there was ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (paragraph @NUM2). Another obstacle they faced was the ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (paragraph @NUM3). This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."	4
"It was once said ""were there is a will there is a way"". How ever they didn't include the part about the obstacles you will have to go through. For instance how the was a will & way for the docking of dirigibles on the Empire state building, the architects just didn't work out all the possible problems of their idea. Like the fact that only American dirigibles used helium instead of hydrogen. Also that the wind currents have a stronger force that high up in the air than to regular life level. Also the un-ideal place they were trying to use. They should've taken heed to the businessman's slogan ""@CAPS1, @CAPS1, @CAPS1."""	2
"At sporting events, people have gotten used to seeing the @CAPS1 blimp or the Goodyear blimp. Now they are used for advertising but not many people know that they were once thought of as transportation. The excerpt ""The Mooring Mast,"" by @ORGANIZATION2, shows not only the original purpose for the mast of the Empire State building was for mooring blimps, but also shows the many problems faced with blimp travel. Safty was a big issue because the blimps, or dirigibles, were filled with Hydrogen, which is highly flamable. It would be a huge disaster if one of them exploaded over New York City. Another problem was that the winds were always changing and there was no way to keep the dirigibles from moving in the wind and it could be dangerous. There was, also, a law about how low you can fly over urban areas and in order to land correctly, you would be breaking that law, and flying that low would risk wind pusing the dirigible into the top of the building and puncturing it. Al Smith had a good idea for the Empire State Building's mast, however their were to many problems to make it a reality."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The man who came up with the plan was Al Smith, who saw the opportunity to add a mooring mast to the top of the building. Which this would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers on or off. But with this came lots of work. And they couldn't simply drop a mooring mast on top of the building. The architects had to make plans on how they were going to set up the mooring mast. In the story it says ""Once the architects had designed the mooring mast and made changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton, construction proceeded as planned. When the building had been framed to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the framing for the mooring mast could take place. The mast also had a skeleton of steel and was clad in stainless steel with glass windows."""	1
The builders of the Empire state building encoutered obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles were said to be hailed as the transportation of the future, however in New York City there was lack of a suitable landing area. The speed at which dirigibles traveled and the area and heights wind speed became unquestionable. The dirigible plan became more and more unreasonable with an accident occurring in @LOCATION2. For the height, wind, speed, and location, using dirigibles was no longer a good idea	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" the builders of the empire state building would of faced many consequences in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A regular sized diriglbe where made of ""enormous steel framed ballons."" They went as fast as ""eighty miles per hour, and could cruise at seventy per hour. The Empire State Building's would of faced the ""building dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe"". And even if the dirigibe landed their the ship would ""swivel around and around"" which would of made the building more move-able. Even if the ship would land their it was ""illegal for a ship to ever tie up the building or even approach the area."	2
In the @CAPS1 The @CAPS2 Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles. The largest obstacle they faced was safety, most dirigibles who were comming from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. Another obstacle was just nature itself. Winds were constantly shiffting caused by violent air currents. Another obstacle was there was a law against airships flying to low over urban areas. The builders should have relized all the hazards. They were facing, and just dropped the idea of using the moorning mast for dirigibles and their passengers.	3
"In the excerpt the builders had faced many obstacles in ader for dirigibles to dock there. They had faced many challenges. One of the main concerns were safety. Al Smith had commented saying ""They were trying to figure some safe way of mooring airships to this mast."" among any other safety issues. "	1
"When the builders of the Empire State Building attempted to construct a mooring mast for dirigibles, they were faced with several obstacles that would ultimately defeat them. The first and most obvious obstacle was the danger of crashing. When the Hindenburg crashed in New Jersey, the builders realized how much worse the horrific crash would have been in downtown New York. Another more present obstacle was the wind at the top of the tower. As said in paragraph @NUM1 ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" That coupled with the lightweight nature of dirigibles would make mooring much more difficult than on an open field. The last obstacle faced by builders was the existing laws that made it illegal. There were laws that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas like New York City, though they were largely ignored. All those obstacles eventually lead to the realization that the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building was not practical or feasible."	3
"Based on the information I just read the obstacles the builders had of the empire building, was to find a way to allow the dirigibles to dock there. There are rooms that have been never opened to public and is the highest observation desk. They had to make room for a dock but they didnt know how to. The builders faced was the city didnt want ""dirigibles to moor at the empire state building because the law agianst airships flying to low over urban areas. They also had complications the captain of the dirigibles shell could not let go of the control levers. The sharp spires of other buildings could pop the dirigibles. The wind was also a problem as it could take the dirigibles a different dirrection."	3
"The builders had many troubles with the building of the Empire State building. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. This is one trouble they had because if the dirigibles ever was an acident abuve New York City it would be bad because New York is so poluted.Another problem was"",they could not simply drop a moorning mast on top of the empire State building's Flat roof."" This was a big problem because now they had to fix their desing. lastly another problem was the compotition, ""Al Smith relized that he was close to loosing the title of the worlds talest building. Al Smith was so caught up in his desing he did not relize the compotition. So when he found out he knew had to make his taller."	2
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders faced one giant obstacle. They faced the risk of blowing up the building. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This is one example from the excerpt that could turn into the biggest obstacle. If one were to explode above this building then the building would die. Also a lot of people would die from it too. That is one of the biggest obstacles they faced."	1
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attemply to allow dirigibles to dock there. In the reading they talk about how there is not much landing area in @ORGANIZATION2 but, although adding space for landing The height of the mast would be dangerous, not only for passengers but for those who were on ground level. Also, the thousand plus pound craft would add stress to the building's frame; so the frame would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the @LOCATION2. -(Which would cost over @MONEY1) the Idea proved to be unsafe when the German dirigible blew up at a @ORGANIZATION1 - they realized how dangerous that could be above densely populated area like New York City.	2
When building the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, the architects experienced many obstacles. These obstacles lead the designers to never effectively use the mooring mast like they had hoped to. The first problem they had, was that a thousand ton dirigible would add stress to the buildings frame. The designers had to spend @MONEY1 to reinforce the building's frameworks. This first obstacle already put doubt into the builders minds, that this was not going to happen easily. The next thing they realized, was that with hydrogen dirigibles is that they were extremely flamable. If a huge dirigible were to catch fire and fall onto New York City it would be cataustrophic. This also leasoned their enthusiasm about the work, knowing about how great a risk this would be. The wind above the building were constantly Shifting due to air currents, and this would toss and turn the dirigible tethered to the mast. The designers relized this would be neither practical or safe being over pedestrians on the ground. The last obstacle of all, that really killed their mooring idea, was airship laws. The law states that the dirigibles cannot fly that low over urban areas, so that puts an illegal mark on their plans. The designers of the mooring mast had to face many obstacles in their design, and it was these obstacles that led to the never useing of their mast.	4
The problems that were faced was that the ships could get blown by the wind a hit buildings. Than they thought of putting weighos on the shp, but than they could fall off and hit people on the ground.	1
"It is within our obligations as human beings to have dreams and want to convert them into reality. Al Smith's dream of having dirigibles land on the empire state building is one I'd consider to be rather erratic. There were many obstacles that proved from early on, the fate of this project was failure.       It is apparent from very early into the constructions that this was surreal because ""the one obstacle to their expanded life in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area"" (paragraph 6). Having dirigibles cruising through a large city should have been perceivably impossible to Al Smith, even before the construction of the building occurred.     Safety was also something to be seriously taken into consideration since ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" which also intertwined with the laws of objects flying too low over an urban area (paragraph @NUM1)."	2
"Architects and builders working on building a docking platform on top of the Empire State Building for dirigibles faced many obstacles. The first problem builders came across was the possibility that the building's framework was not potentially strong enough to support a dirigible's weight. It was said in paragraph nine that ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way down to the building's foundation, and that was too risky. Another obstacle that builder's came across ""was nature itself."" @CAPS1 some dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, it was feared that the winds on top of the building would be too intensely violent and be destroyed by flammable gas. The next obstacle builders faced was public safety. There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS2 dirigibles could not approach the dock over the area for sake of the citizens of New York. All of these problems eventually led to ""the idea of using the mooring mast [to be] shelved."""	3
"The architects of the Empire State building faced several obstacles when constructing the mooring mast. One of which would be that the purpose which it was suppose to serve (docking dirigibles), the original design of the building could not handle it. In paragraph @NUM1, it says ""A thousand foot dirigibles would add stress to the buildings frame."" Because of this realization, they had to make ""sixty-thousand dollars worth of modifications"" (paragraph @NUM1)Another obstacle they would have to face would be the additions of new floors. They originlly designed the building to be about @NUM3 floors, but with the addition of the mooring mast, the builders had to make an extra top and do it with such detail so that it could be both an observatory and a boarding dock.These first two obstacles, although they were difficult, nevertheless they were solvable. Some of the obstacles the builders had to face were not fixable. The first was that dirigible's from @LOCATION2 were filled with hydrogen (which is highly flamable). Due to the location of the Empire State building (downtown New York), a little accident could cause huge problems in the city. Also, thwy did not take in consideration the winds at the top of the building. The Empire State building would be at such a high altitude that there would be very high winds. These winds would cause for the dirigibles to be unstable which was also not safe. With these last two obstacles, the mooring mast was still built, but served as a design instead of a dock."	3
"In the excerpt from, ""The Mooring Mast"", the author, Marcia Amidon Lüsted, explains how the spire of the Empire State Building was originally meant to be used as a mooring mast. This purpose of the spire was never to be fulfilled because of the numerous problems and obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some of the biggest problems that the builders faced were unpredictable and violent winds, the use of hydrogen in dirigibles, and air laws. The winds posed to be a problem because even though the front of the dirigible would be tethered to the mast belonged back side would be allowed to swing freely in the wind which could cause it to crash into another moored dirigible. The winds also would make just getting to the Empire a hazardous job. The use of hydrogen was a problem because hydrogen is a volatile gas in the sense that it explodes, which would be very dangerous over a densely populated area. Lastly, the air laws were a problem because the United States has a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas, which would make a mooring at the Empire State Building illegal."	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigables to dock there was that the stress of the dirigables load and wind pressure could have caused problems to the buildings foundation. A thousand-foot dirigble, held by a single cable tether. would add stress to the buildings frame.Safety was another issue, most dirigbles outside the United States used hydrogen, instead of helium. This is a problem because hydro gen is highly flammable. On May 6, 1937, the German dirigble Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in New Jersey. the accident would have been more dangerous in New York because the city is densely populated.Another reason why they faced problems to allow dirigables to dock is because there was an existing law against airships flying too close over urban areas. In December 1930, the @ORGANIZATION2 dirigble did attempt to reach the mooring mast but could not reach because of the winds, fearing that it may blow the dirigble onto sharp spires of other buildings. This would puncture the dirigbles shell.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on its mooring mast. The first obstacle they had was the extreme winds. The winds were constantly shifting, so the dirigibles would be violently blowing through the air. Another obstacle was that the foreign dirigibles used hydrogen, instead of helium, which is extremely flammable. The last obstacle the builders faced was the law that it did not allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. The builders of the Empire State Building dealt with a number of reasons when they attempted to dock dirigibles on the building's mast.	3
"Based on the expert, builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Allowing a dirigible to dock on top of the Empire State Building was never thought of an easy task to accomplish. As it was mentioned in the article the idea of the dirigible was ""destined to never fulfill its purposes."" One obstacle in which builders would face is safety. Since most of the dirigibles from outside U.S.A uses hydrogen rather than helium, hydrogen is much more flammable. This is a very dangerous obstacle to builders because fire itself is really dangerous. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, however. If the winds are shifting violently, the dirigibles could be way down and be dangling high above the pedestrians. This would not be safe to the people or the builders because it could hurt them. Another obstacle builders would face is that there was a law against air ships flying too low over urban areas. It would make illegal for a ship to ever tie up or get close to the area. This made it harder for builders to accomplish because it's against the law."	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building were faced with in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. There were obstacles such as the fact that if a dirigible were tied to the building by a single tether it would ""add stress to the building's frame."" To fix the problem, over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building. Another problem was that some dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable which would be very dangerous to have over a densely populated area. The ""greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" By this, Lüsted means that there are many violent air currents at the top of the building, meaning that the ship would swivel around and around. To make sure this would not happen, lead wieghts would have to be used which would not be practical or safe to have ""dangling high above pedestrians."" In the end, people realized there were far too many problems involved in the use of a mooring mast at the top of the Empire State building."	3
The obstacles that the builders faced are flying blimps too low in the area and making the Empire State building taller than its actually supposed to be. Like in @CAPS1 three Al Smith realized that he's in danger of losing his title for world's tallest building. On December 11, 1929, he announced that the Empire State building would reach a height of 1,250 ft. All he had to do is add a top or a hat to the building and that would make it even taller than any other building in the city. Anothe obstacle they faced was a law about airships flying too low above urban areas. They made this law so no airship would ever tie up with a building. Flying too low is a huge safety hazard; it could take the lives of hundreds of people.	2
in the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted there were many obstacles that builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there One of the problems was that a huge dirigible held the top of the building held by a single cable would have stressed to the rest of the building. in order to make the tower half of the building more stable they would have to spend sixty thousand dollars on modifications @CAPS1 nature was a key issue the winds were unpredictable because of violent air currents and even if the dirigibles were tied to the mast, the back would swivel around @CAPS2 large dirigibles dangling above pedestrians was not safe. Another reason as to why dirigibles could not be docked at the top of the Empire State Building was because there was a law not allowing airships to fly so low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal to ever dock ships there. overall, these were some of the obstacles faced well building the Empire State Building	4
"Coming from ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Empire State building was to be so much more. The hazards of the gases in some of the Dirigibles was a huge risk because some were flammable. Having the mooring mast in the huge city served potential threats to the safety of the city and population as well. As well is the safety threat; the winds were uncontrollable too. Because the mast would be so high up it was impossible to predict the ever-changing winds. With the winds, the dirigibles would not be able to stay in one place, which was another safety issue the architects had over looked. After all the safety issues and weather problems, there was still the fact that a law forbid the idea. Making the mast idea out of the question. With all the risky and dangerous tasks they would of had to dealt with, the mast was never built, and very unfortunate that after all the planning, there was absolutely no way the dirigibles could ever land there."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced were comprehended to late. First they had to figure out a way to go about this, but they also needed government officials to agree that it's a safe way to execute Al's plan. The roof couldn't be flat, so they had to create something else for it to land on. But the dirigible being held on by one cable ""would add stress to the buildings frame"" and would be sent down all the way to it's foundation, which means they would have to modify their model of what the Empire State building was going to be. But one of the worst obstacles the builders had to face was the fact that dirigibles are highly flammable. And their are many people and other building in @CAPS1 that could be put in danger. Also the weather takes a toll on how the dirigibles going to act in the air, if it's rough it could cause major safety problems. There was and has been a law restricting airships from ""flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS2 much, this idea was over from the start, but no one took the time to realize."	3
"In this excerpt of ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, we learn about how the spire on top of the Empire State Building was actually meant to be a landing spot for dirigibles. However, it could never actually have a dirigible dock there, for various reasons. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to tie up at the mooring mast. First, they could not because they were mostly made of hydrogen, which is very flammable. This is an especially big problem since the dirigible would possibly catch fire about New York City. Next, there was the problem of winds. The wind at the top of the mast is extremely violent and the back of the dirigible would constantly be swinging around. Using lead weights to hold it down were a possibility, ""but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" The last problem, and possibly the most obvious, is that there was a law that prohibited airships, like dirigibles, from flying too low over densely populated areas. Therefore, this ""would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" @CAPS1 this excerpt of ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, though they should've seen them coming, in trying to get dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast."	4
The problems that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the issues of safety. As said in paragraph @NUM1 the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Also said in paragraph @NUM1 there would be lead weights dangling above pedestrians on the street. one other problem they faced were the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.	3
Based on the excerpt, there were a few main obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. It would add unwanted stress to the building frame. Another issue was the gas used to fill the dirigibles. Hydrogen, being very flamable, could cause a dangerous fire above a densley populated area, downtown New York. Towards the top of the building, violent air currents caused another problem. Even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mast. A final delema was an existing law that prohibited airships flying to low over urban areas, such as New York. Due to these obsticles, the ability to dock a dirigible to the top of the Empire State Building was destined to @CAPS1.	4
"In the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ""The Mooring MASt"" by @ORGANIZATION2, The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle to their expanded use in new york city was the lack of a suitable landing area. Another obstacle was getin the passengers on and off the dirigbles safley. In conclusion I have showend the obstacles that the builders have faced on the @ORGANIZATION1."	2
"The obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow blimps to dock there was the height of the building. For instance in paragraph @NUM1 it states ""the steel frame of the building would have to be modified, over six thousand dollars worth of modifications"" This proves that the height of the empire was its height because the city had to pay modification fees. Also, because the building is so tall the mast is not that stable so that was the main obstacle stated in paragraph @NUM2 ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" This demonstrates that mast in those currents and not being stable enough could be very dangerous for downtown New York. Lastly, even state laws became an obstacle for the dirigibles such as in paragraph @NUM3 it states ""this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building"" This justifies that this was also an obstacle that the builders faced"	3
"Based on the excerpt 'The Mooring Mast' by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many varied obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main reason would be the safety issues of the dirigible. Most dirigibles used hydrogen to be lighter than air. Hydrogen is a very flammable gas that could easily catch fire, just like the Hindenburg. If an accident like the Hindenburg were to happen over downtown New York, the outcome would not be good. Also dirigibles moored in open fields and would need to be anchored with big lead weights. These weights would niether be practical nor safe dangling above people and a small moring on the top of a building is no open field. One last obstacle is the sixty thousand dollars needed to just make the frame suitable for mooring dirigibles. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of a building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame."" With out a doubt, just to make a mooring for dirigibles at the top of the tallest building in the world would come with many different obstacles the builders would have to face."	4
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire @CAPS2 building faced many obstacles to allow the dirigibles to dock there. For @CAPS3, the author said ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transnitted all the way to the building's foundation. This shows that not only did they have to designed to take the load of the building but also the dirigible. Moreover the author stated that, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top by a single cable tether. The engineers would have to think of a way to safely dock the dirigible without anyone getting hurt In all the engineers that designed the Empire State building had to over come many obstacles to allow the dirigibles to dock there."	2
While attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State building the builders faced many obstacles. The first obstacle was modifying the frame of the building to acommodate for the stress that the mooring mast would put on the building. The load of the dirigible and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building which was eleven-hundred feet below. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made in altering the frame of the building. It was costly. Another obstacle the builders face was the gas used inside the dirigible, hydrogen. Most dirigibles outside of the United States use hydrogen. Hydrogen is highly flammable and if a dirigible were to go up in flames above such a densely populated area such as downtown New York the results of the accident would be catastrophic. Nature was also another obstacle itself. The winds at the top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents. The dirigible would be swiveling around and around the mast. While lead weights were used in open landing fields, this was impractical to do above pedestrians on the street. Above all else an existing law prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas. This made it illegal for a dirigible to even approach the mast. These obstacles had made it impractical for a dirigible to ever dock on the mooring mast of the Empire State Building.	4
"In their quest to allow dirigibles to dock, the architects and builders of the Empire State Building ran into many problems. One of the more obvious issues was that of the make-up of the dirigibles themselves. At the time, they consisted of hydrogen, which, although allowed for a lower density, was highly flammable. This concept was proven and brought to light by the 1937 crash of the ""Hindenburg"", a famous dirigible. If a dirigible were to catch fire while docking at the Empire State Building, it would surely crash onto the civilians below. Another topic of debate for the architects of the Empire State Building was the issue of high winds at the estimated 1,250 foot altitude of the mooring mast. Such winds could easily cause a lack of stability for a dirigible which could in turn place added stress on the building itself. Another problem caused by winds is the fact that the dirigible might crash into other buildings, causing, the fabric containing the hydrogen gas to be punctured, and the dirigible to crash. In the end, it was a project deemed too risky to continue."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that they faced concerned safety. Many dirigibles from outside the United States were filled with hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and if it were to catch fire of New York City the results could be horrific. Another obstacle the builders faced concerned nature. Due to the height of the Empire State Building the wind became a major factor. Wind currents were constantly shifting and if a dirigible was attached to it, it would be unsafe. The stress of the wind pressure and the load of the dirigible would have to be transmitted to the foundation of the building. This meant that the frame of the building would have to be strengthened. Another obstacle concerned law. There is a law that states that airships can not fly too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal to tie a ship up to the Empire State Building. The builders of the Empire State Building had to face many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there.	4
"In the excerpt ""The mooring mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles. Their goal was to build a moor on top of the building in order for dirigibles, or blimps, to dock. In the end they were not successful. One obstacle was ""lack of a suitable landing area."" Without this, the dock would not work. Another main obstacle is the safety reason. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly fammable."" They could easily catch on fire and harm many innocent people. Which leads to two other reasons. ""Nature itself."" That could easily start a fire with the wind. ""Existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The dirigibles could harm innocent people. Many other obstacles were found so this plan failed."	4
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. ""The stress of the dirigibles load into the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below"" is understood in paragraph nine. This was the biggest obstacle the builders had to face. The builders developed a plan of ""Rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself. Although the mast was finished due to @CAPS1 Nature a new law no dirigibles has ever docked at the Empire State Building."	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building face obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to land there. One major obstacle was safety, mainly because when foreign dirigibles flew in, they most likely contained hydrogen (highly flammable). After the Hindenburg crash they were more wary if something like that happened in a densely populated area. An unstoppable obstacle to the builders was nature; with the vicious winds getting tied up in releasing passengers would be hard enough. According to the article lead weights were used to land dirigibles in open land on crappy weather, but the builders didn't use them, so there was no chance of it falling and hitting someone. Through all this trouble the builders still had the most practical problem; ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" With this issue it was illegal to have a dirigible tied up on the Empire State Building so close to the ground. In conclusion, even though the mooring mast never worked out as planned, the builders went through looking at obstacles just for the thought."	3
"In order to dock these dirigibles, the builders would face many serious problem. These problems in which builders would be forced to deal with is when, a city, and framework. First off, the building frame was too weak to tied to a dirigible. This is because it ""would add stress"" to the frame which could ""be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" Due to this they would be forced to spend ""over sixty thousand dollars"" to strengthen the frame. A second issue the were faced with is that it is in a city. Laws had prohibited ""flying too low over urban areas"", let alone ""tie up to the building"". Due to this fact, they would be forced to design a way for it to dock. Finally, ""violent air currents"" would cause more issues. The builders would have to deal with building a piece mooring equipment that could with stan the wrath of ""nature itself"". All in all, this plan would force many issues on the builders, in order to function"	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while trying to make a for dirigibles. The first obstacle was creating the mooring mast. In @CAPS1 four it says, ""This dream of the aviation pioneers was travel by dirigible, or zepplin, and the Empire State Building was going to have a mooring mast at its top for docking these new airships."" The Empire State Building's frame wasn't strong enough for the mooring mast, so the builders had to modify it. In @CAPS1 nine they say, ""The steel frame of the Empire state Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" An obstacle that stopped the use of the mooring mast was the wind. In @CAPS1 fifthteen they were not able to dock, ""the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. another obstacle they faced was safty. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 they describe that, ""most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. There are problems that the builders could fix and could'nt fix."	3
some of the obstacles that the builders faced while allowing dirigibles to dock there would be that they had a lack of suitable landing area. one of the main obstacles that occurred would be nature. the shifting of the Air Currents were constanily shifting. the back of the ship was constanily shifting.	2
The builders of the empire state building made it possible for dirigibles to dock on the top of the building because it made the building A lot bigger than it was. It lost its position As the biggest and then got it back by creating the dock for dirigibles (Blimps)	1
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building was not easy. They had to draw out the plan for the mooring mast. The builders had to think about the thousand-foot dirigible that would be mooring at the top of the Empire State Building. They had to think about the wind pressure and of the load of the dirigible. The builders had to come up with brilliant ideas. The ideas were ""a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower"" (@CAPS1 paragraph @NUM1) on top of the building. Builders had to build and think of the elevators and stairs to bring the passengers of the dirigible to the eighty-sixth floor. The eighty-sixth floor had baggage and tickets. They would come from the one hundred second floor. The builders had a hard job because they had to think of ideas on how to build the mooring mast of the building They also had to think about, how to bring the passengers in and out of the dirigible. The builders faced obstacles as the construction of the building was in process."	1
When the Empire State Building was built, new ideas came into the heads of the architects. Unfortunately, the vision that they had of making it into @NUM1 dock for limps proved to be unrealistic.The first challenge that they came across was how to attach a dock for a blimp to the building without creating such stress to the building's framework. The building could potentially collapse with the added weight unless sixty thousand dollars' worth of framework strengthening was made.Another obstacle that the architects faced was nature. At the top of the Empire State Building, winds were so strong that the blimps would be swaying too violently to allow for the pilots to dock them safely. The last reason that blimps could not be docked at the Empire State Building was that there were laws against aircraft's flying that low. It was actually consitered illigal to dock the blimp there because it would have to be flying low enough to approach the building. Due to these factors, the Empire State Building was unable to become a dock to support blimps.	3
The obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building were building a mast, dirigibles docking on top of the building, and a law for dirigibles. The architects and builders spend a lot of time building the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. Dirigibles were trying to figure out how to dock to the building yet most dirigibles failed. A law the dirigibles were unable to dock on urban areas in case of a problem within the dirigibles. These were the obstacles the builders faced in an attempt to create a mast and allowing dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building.	2
Builders of the Empire State Building faced a few problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there One problem was that a large dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by one single cable tether would add stress to the frame of the building. The stress of the dirigible and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted almost eleven hundred feet below, to the building's foundation. This in turn means that the builders would have to go back and modify the frame of the Empire State Building in order for it to be strong enough to accommodate the dirigibles. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications would have to be made. As construction proceeded, once the framing had been complete up to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the framing for the mooring mast could take place.	3
"Some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were safety, nature and the law. One of the greatest obstacle was safety. Since blimps needed to be lighter than air, most are filled with helium or hydrogen. ""Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This is a big obstacle because if the blimp is high off the ground of @CAPS1 and then catches on fire, that could end badly another obstacle was nature; due to violent air currents' which made buildings sway. This is also bad because if the blimp moves or the building sways into the building than one or the other could break. The last obstacle was the law, which was against 'airships flying too low over urban areas'. So if they did build the mast, it would be even illegal to get a dirigible close. So those are some obstacles builders faced in building the Empire State building to dock blimps."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders went through in trying to dock the dirigibles at the top of the Empire State Building. One to be exact would be the wind, although they would be tying the dirigible down the back was not and the wind would blow @ORGANIZATION2 decide. Which would affect the building. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" With this discovery they had to make some changes to the building, which would cost them more money. Other obstacles they went through were actually being able to have it dock, because it's a law that you can't do that with some he people below. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS1 are just a few of the obstacles that the architects went through out trying to dock dirigibles."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A problem they faced was having to build the mooring mast because without it the derigible would add stress to the building's Frame. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings Frame."" Even though the builders made the mooring mass it was to unsafe to moore dirigibles from the building. ""The greatest reason was one of safety: Most dirigibles From outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable."" In all the builders were faced with to many obstacles and could not manage to moore the dirigibles to the building."	3
"In an attempt to build a dirigble destination, in the Empire State Building, the architects had to deal with @CAPS3 problems like a dirigble mishap or simply nature itself.@CAPS3 problems like a blimp crash would be costly, lives would be lost in the densely populated city and the explosion could destroy buildings around and to the Empire State Building itself. To prevent this from happening the Government had already made a law that banned flying aircraft from going to close to urban areas. To build this @CAPS1 the architects would have to break laws or bend rules. Another conflicting idea, that disrupted, plans for a dirigble docking station would be nature, harsh winds could easily sway a blimp, and swaying could cause the blimp to punture on a nearby building, ""Even if the dirigble were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would still swivel around the mooring mast."" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) The swiveling as mentioned earlier could hit near by building and harm civilians. The @CAPS3 problems and laws that kept the Mast from being created should have been realized before, the idea will never be possible."	3
The Empire State building is known as the worlds tallest building. The building is located in New York. Al Smith the head of building the Empire State building, added a top or a hat to the building, that made the building be even more distinctive than any other building in the city. The Empire State building was equipped for transportation. The transportation was dirigible, or zeppelin. The Empire State building had a mooring mast at its top for docking the new airships. An obstacle that the Building faced was New York's lack of a suitable landing area. Al seen an opportunity to get people to and from the Empire state building. Al seen it as something creative and new. The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was never fulfilled. No thought of safety was thought about before constructing the idea either. The greatest reason was most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium which is a higher @CAPS1 for flames. Also nature itself was a big problem the idea had safety problems and couldnt @CAPS1 flames in Downtown New York	3
Based on the excerpt the obstacles that the builders faced. was that they had to go to the base of the building to make it taller. This is The obstacles that they faced.	0
Many obstacles presented themselves while builders attempted to build a landing dock for dirigibles on top of the Empire State Building. The obstacles included the publics safety, @CAPS1 that were already put in place, and the unpredictable weather.Many dirigibles use hydrogen gas which is very flammable. After the German Hindenburg went down it became apparent that the publics safety would be in danger from the vessels bursting into flame over crowded streets. At the time there were also @CAPS1 forbidding aircrafts from traveling too low over urban areas and the landing dock was too low. The final problem was the unpredictable weather. Piolets were worried the strong winds would blow the tethered vessel into another building or into sharp spires that would ruin the vessel and put the people below in danger. Many obstacles hindered the loading dock on the Empire State Building.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. The major obstacle to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area. To allow dirigibles to anchor at empire state building for several hours a mooring mast had to be added to the top of the building. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire buildings flat roof, so rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside. Once architects had designed the mooring mast it could be complete and useful. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself. Those are some of the obstacles the builders had to face to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire State building.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem the builders faced was that a dirigible being moored to the top of the building would add stress to its frame. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly @NUM2 feet below."" The builders had to make sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to strengthen the frame of the building. Another major problem they faced was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium."" Hydrogen is extremely flammable and after an incident with a German dirigible being destroyed, they realized how dangerous it would be over a densely populated area. Another reason was nature. In paragraph @NUM3 it says ""The winds on top of the building were constantly moving."" This made it hard to tie up and keep the aircraft steady for passengers to get off safely. Even a navy pilot ""could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" There was even a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The mooring on top of the Empire State building was destined to fail because of all the obstacles that the builders faced."	4
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"", the author, Marcia Amidon Lüsted, is informant on the structural and natural obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building. One obstacle faced by the builders was involved with the structure of the building. The issue was that a moored dirigible, or blimp, would add a significant amount of stress to the building's frame. To fix this problem, the ""frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened."" Another obstacle faced by the builders involved nature. The winds on top of the building were violent and often shifted directions. This hindered the ability of a dirigible to moor on top of the building and remained a problem. The final obstacle faced was a restriction on the flight of airships over urban areas. This restriction made it impossible for dirigibles to moor on top of the Empire State Building. The excerpt explains the structural and natural obstacles faced by the builders."	4
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some minor obstacles were the frame and strength of the building. Other obstacles were major such as nature which cannot be controlled. In paragraph nine the author explains that if a thousand-foot dirigibles were to be moored to the top of the Empire State Building it would add stress to the building's frame. Also with wind pressure the building's foundation would be affected. In order to allow dirigibles to dock, the frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened. As nature as a great affect on the use of the mooring mast it would be almost impossible for dirigibles to be tethered onto the building. The wind would send the dirigibles swiveling around the mooring mast as the author describes in paragraph fourteen.      Other obstacles the builders faced were most dirigibles from outside the U.S used hydrogen rather than helium, most landing fields weighed down the back of the blimps would lead weight (which wouldn't be safe to have dangling over pedestrians), the last problem was there was an existing law againts airships flying low over urban areas.                Though the builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles in allowing blimps to dock it still became a well known building in @LOCATION1.	4
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted There were important obstacles The builders of the Empire State Building faced for the dirigibles to dock and becomes stationary there. The dirigible was highly flammable, struchure was unsafe laws and it was @CAPS4 prmitting for them to dock There.One, The dirigibles are highly flammable to have have near a building that has so much importance to its @CAPS1. ""Today These dirigibles are camo. fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to have lighter in the air."" These dirigibles in the U.S only have hydrogen which is the ultimate firestarter.Second, the structure never passed for a human passenger to get on The structure and ride The blimp. The law states ""aircraft flying low to urban areas is @CAPS2."" @CAPS3 why it never could happen.Third, @CAPS4 can never always be right twenty-four seven. The problem is ""winds on top of the building were constantly shifting violent air currents."" This Put lives in @CAPS5, these were obstacles in The dirigibles docking."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by author @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced some obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A first obstacle the builders faced was the concern of the building collapein over time with ""all the weight of the dirigibles. They would have to spend more money and time to create a frame for the Empire State Building to support the dirigibles."" @CAPS1 @NUM1 supports that obstacle ""a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame"". A second obstacle builders of the Empire State Building came upon on attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the building was the concerns of the thousands of citizen just below the tall building. After german dirigible was on fire in Jersey they realized how serious they situation can become. ""Owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse it that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" These were two of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced."	3
In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by, Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there. One of these obstacles being stress. Yes, stress. This is because when you have a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the Empire State building, only by which is held by a single cable tether, it adds stress to the frame of the building. Another obstacle the builders faced was safety. Seeing as most dirigibles have been known to use hydrogen rather than helium, you would think hydrogen is the one to go with. Unfortunately, hydrogen is a fire caution because it is extremely flamable. So safety was definitely another obstacle in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building. A final obstacle the builders faced was nature itself. This is simply because the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast, on repeat because violent currents would constantly shifting the winds on the top of the building. There would be no solution, even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast. These are the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, in the informative excerpt, The Mooring Mast by, Marcia Amidon Lüsted.	4
When the empire state building was faced with @CAPS1 a dirigible docking station they encountered many Problems. The first @CAPS2 the @CAPS3 encountered was the wind. The wind over a thousand feet in the air is never going to be @CAPS4. Once they got the dirigible @CAPS5 to the tower there would be no way they Could keep it still enough to refule and let passangers on or off the dirigible. The Second @CAPS2 they ran into was helium is flammable. If somehow that helium @CAPS7 fire it would be @CAPS8 in such a Place as downtown New York. The third and final reason is it is illegal to have an aircraft that low in a city. There was no way this was going to work out so they stopped moving forward on this @CAPS9.	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast. One obstacle they faced was the lack of a suitable landing area. They would have to design a mast for the dirigibles. Another obstacle was the dirigibles was held by a single cable tether and that would add stress to the building's frame. Next, New York City would have to spend over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. Then the greatest reason of safety came upon them. That was, most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. And hydrogen is highly flammable. On @DATE1 a German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The owners of the Empire state building realized if that happened to New York and how big of a problem that would cause. The final and greatest obstacle they faced to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. From all the violent wind and air currents would be hard to tether the dirigibles to the mast. In conclusion, those were the obstacles the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to land there."	4
There were many obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. one of the obstacles that had to be faced was dealing with the hydrogen from dirigibles outside of the united states. The hydrogen was very flamable and the would not be able to stand a fire in such a high populated area. Another obstacle was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were teathered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. The winds from nature would make it hard to control the dirigible so people were afraid of the dirigible crashing into the building. Those were some of the obstacles that were faced.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock thousands of feet above the New York streets. One of their many problems was the sheer size of the dirigibles, somewhere as long as one-thousand feet. Another problem they faced was keeping the back of the ship from swiveling around the mooring mast. Usually, the backs of these blimp-like structure's were anchored down by lead weights, but to have lead weights dangling high above the streets was way to risky not to mention unpractical.	2
"Constructing a building was hard, but attempting to build the world's tallest building was intense. The mast a top the Empire State Building caused many obstacles for the builders such as having to strengthen the frame work of the whole building. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the Empire State building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's framework."" The architects also wanted to make the mooring mast ornamental, or decorative. ""Rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects design is shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside-."" @CAPS1, the building had to have two extra floors added one ""open observation platform"" and a ""boarding area for dirigidle passengers. Even though the mast was doomed to never fulfill its purpose, the building was still hailed the world's tallest building."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted some obstacles the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are the winds were too strong and most used hydrogen instead of helium which is very flammable. The way that the dirigibles would dock to the building was by a cord attached to the mast. The dirigibles would then be ""dangling high above pedestrians in the street."" (@NUM1). This was ""neither practical nor safe"" (@NUM1) This would not only endanger the pedestrians below but also the people on the dirigibles. The wind was so strong that it could throw it into a building. Most dirigibles fuel on hydrogen rather than helium, hydrogen is much more flammable. ""The German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey."" (@NUM3) The owners of the Empire State building saw this as another huge problem because of how much worse it would be if one caught fire in densely populated New York."	3
"During the @DATE1's Dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the future. Dirigibles had a top speed of eighty miles per hour, and cruise at about seventy miles per hour for thousands of miles. The main obstacle that the Dirigibles would face in landing in New York City was the lack of suitable landing area. Another obstacle the architects and empire state builders faced was designing a mast that could allow the Dirigible to dock to the building, and also allowing people in and out of vehicle. Architects knew that they couldn't simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. ""An A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" so architects had to reconstruct the building's foundation to strengthen the structure of the building. The greatest obstacle that the Empire State builders faced was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The violent air currents at the top of the empire state building would make it dangerous and unsafe for Dirigibles to dock with the building."	3
Some of the obstacles the builders of the empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there- are The Steel frame of the empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frame work. Another obstacle that they faced is that dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying to low over suburban areas. The greatest obstacle is the violent air currents would make the back of the Ship swivel around the mooring mast.	3
I think the builders main problem they faced was making sure people would be able to safely get off the dirigibles and onto the actual building.They would also need to make sure that the blimp wouldn't burst into flames if it came close or crashed into the Empire State Building.	1
The first obstacle that the builders of the Empire state faced was the lack of suitable landing area. The second obstacle that the builders of the Empire State faced was that the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. The greatest obstacle to the succesful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents.	2
In the 1920s, dirigibles were considered to be the future of transportation. Although useful, dirigibles had an issue, there was not enough landing area in New York City. With this in mind, Al Smith saw an opportunity for his Empire State Building, he would construct a mooring mast on the top of the building. This would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours, refuel, and also allow passengers go on and off. Adding a mooring mast seemed full proof at the time but this new construction plan endured on many obstacles.The first obstacle was how to add a mooring mast without adding stress to the building's frame. Architects detected that the stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. This led to the second obstacle which was modifying and strengthening the the steel frame of the Empire State Building to accommodate the first obstacle. Finally the third obstacle, which was the expense. Modifying the building's new frame work would cost over sixty thousand dollars.Consequently, Al Smith saw a great oppertunity for the Empire State Building but he was faced with many obstacles.	3
"In the excerpt @ORGANIZATION2, written by @ORGANIZATION1, The builders of the empire State building face obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock There, ""one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of suitable landing areas."" (paragraph 6). If the Dirigibles can't lead it could cause destruction and could be very dangerous to people. In paragraph @NUM1 Al Smith says, It's on level all right no kidding wer'e working on the thing right now."" This shows the readers that the way he words things sounds almost unreliable. When constructing the idea of Dirigibles a mooring mast had to be added to the top of the building to allow passengers on and off. However This idea was unsafe. ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using Empire State building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on street was neither practical nor safe."" (paragraph @NUM2). This unsafe why would the build something harmful to others. In the excerpt The Mooring Mast written by @ORGANIZATION1. The builders have a hard time constructing the dirigibles."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They had to face being up in the air for so long They also had to face trying to dock the dirigible on top of the roof while still stay saft themselfs	1
"To the Empire State building did have a flat roof but they cannot just drop the mooring mast on top of the roof because it would add stressed to the frame. To build a mooring mast the cost would be more than sixty thousand dollars. Building a mooring mast would not be easy because the wind on top of the Empire state building would constantly change direction; therefore the dirigibles would be swirling around."" Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe"". Then there was a law that air craft should not fly too low over urban areas. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" For dirigibles to land on top of the Empire State Building had many obstacles."	3
"In the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, obstacles builders faced building a mast for dirigibles to dock there are detailed One obstacle builders faced was how to go about attaching it. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame."" Another obstacle would be the accumulated cost of the renevisions due to the first problem. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frame work."" These obstacles prevented the mast for ever being used its intended purpose."	2
"Many obstacles faced the builders of the Empire State Building in their attempts to dock dirigibles or zeppelins. First and foremost, a mooring mast would have to be added to the building. However, according to @ORGANIZATION2, ""over sixty thousand dollar's worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"" before a dirigible could be moored to the mast. Secondly, outside of the United States, most dirigibles used highly flammable hydrogen gas, rather than helium, as shown in @ORGANIZATION2 @NUM1. The owners realized that it would be quite dangerous to have a dirigible moored over downtown New York, after the German ""Hindenburg"" ""was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION1."" (@ORGANIZATION2 @NUM1). In accordance with @ORGANIZATION2 @NUM3, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Violent winds, caused by air currents at the top of the building would cause a moored dirigible to swivel, and using lead weights to counter this would be dangerous over such a densely populated area. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los @CAPS1 could not even dock in December 1930 due to winds. Lastly, an existing law that prevented airships from flying too low over urban areas made it illegal for a ship to tie up to the mast anyway. (p @NUM4)"	4
"In the story ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced an obstacle in building a dock for dirigibles. One of the problems they faced was that the did not have suitable landing area. In paragraph six it said that it would only allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours. Also they had realized that most dirigibles from outside the country used hydrogen insted of helium which was more highly flammable. In paragraph thirteen they said that an accident could have been worse if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."	2
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A couple of those obstacles are one, the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure. This is happening because ""the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation"" Which means they would have to go nearly eleven hundred feet below. Another obstacle is They figured out that ""the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose."" The reasons for this is because it should have been apparent before was ever constructed. Those are just a couple of many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced."	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with some big obstacles. One obstacle was they had to make sure that the Dirigibles could dock safely. They had to be sure that the passengers could get off and on safely. Lastly they had to be sure the building would not collapse when they made the mooring mast. These examples shows that the builders were faced with many obstacles when building the Empire State Building."	2
The Empire State Building faced in attempting to build the highest Building in New york Because they wanted to be so big and they have been working on it for so menny years.	0
Based on the excerpt there are three reason's why there were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. These reason's were, one it was to close to the city and not high up (short). The second reason is because the wind spun the blimp around the mast. And the third reason is because German blimps were filled with hydrogen, if next to heat it would blow up. And @LOCATION1 blimps were filled with helium.	2
"Ultimately, it is evident that the entire concept of Al @ORGANIZATION1 on the Empire State building was strategically flawed. It was Al Smith's dream, but dream is not always reality. In theory, the Mooring @ORGANIZATION3 would be constructed to dock drigibles. However, it was eventually revealed that a docking station on the Empire State building would never be possible. The reason Al Smith's dream could never prove to be reality is because Smith and the builders hit many obstacles. One obstacle faced with the construction of the @ORGANIZATION3 was the location. When a landing zone is 1,250 ft above ground level, it is extremely tough to test and complete a perfect landing zone, much tougher then if it was on ground level. Also, with location is the safety of having such high wind speeds at such an altitude. It is that the higher altitude @CAPS1 get the higher the air pressure and the ""violent air currents"" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) @CAPS1 will have, making a very unsafe environment. Next, another aspect of the location was the fact it was in densely populated New York City, if there were any mistakes a great number of casualties would be expected. Lastly, a large obstacle Smith and the builders faced was technology, in the @DATE1's and 1930's the amount of technology and engineering was certainly unparallel to the technology prevalent in today's society."	3
The @CAPS1 of the Empire State building faced many obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that a law stating that airships couldn't fly too low over cities, meaning they couldn't dock at the Empire State building. Another obstacle was that foreign blimps used hydrogen instead of helium to fly, and hydrogen is very flammable, so using hydrogen blimps in @LOCATION1 would create public safety issues. Finally, nature would prove to be the greatest obstacle because of wind, which could get quite violent and cause the blimps to possibly get untied from the building or fall. In conclusion, there were many obstacles that the @CAPS1 of the Empire State building faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
The builders of the @ORGANIZATION2 many obstacles. Al smith realized that he was close to losing the title of the world's tallest building. The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. A mooring mast was added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling. Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric whinch. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in back with lead weights. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area, all though two dirigibles did attempt to reach the building before the entire idea was dropped. Fearing that the wind blow the dirigible onto	4
"Builders in The Mooring @CAPS1 by @ORGANIZATION2 face many obstacles when working to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. In order to ensure safety and eliminate problems involving the stress load and pressure of the dirigible on the building, the building would need ""to be modified and strengthened to accommodate"" the blimps, and these modification would cost up to sixty thousand dollars. Many of the blimps were filled with hydrogen, an extremly flammable substance that could put the building and the City of New York in great danger if a dirigible was to blow up. Because winds ""on the top of the building are constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" there was difficulty controling dirigibles and keeping blimps still to keep passengers safe. There was also a law against the height of airships in urban areas. Using the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building would result in breaking the law since the Mast was too low. These difficult obstacles proved too difficult to overcome. as the mast is not seriously used by dirigibles."	3
It was very difficult for the builders of the Empire State Building to allow dirigibles to dock there. They had to face many obstacles along the way. One obstacle was that they kept trying to make the building higher. Al Smith was very competitive with the architect who was constructing the Chrysler Building which was also in New York City. Smith wanted it larger and by extending it, it became more dangerous and difficult to allow docks up there. Another obstacle was the weather at the top of the building. The winds at that height were very rigorous and with a highly populated area, they did not want an accident to occur. Allowing docs up on the Empire State Building was very dangerous.	2
"New York is said to be, ""the city that never sleeps."" The people of New York are always awake, rushing about in the streets. When four-term governor, Al Smith, wanted  to put up a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, these people of New York had many concerns. Along with the people whom were constructing the building. These concerns consisted of laws, saftey and construction.If a mooring mast was built, a law they'd have to worry about would be flying airships too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up the building or even come close to the area. Another major worry was safety. These dirigibles contained highly flammable hydrogen. If a dirigible had caught fire above New York City, the damage could be tragic. The construction of the mast was out of the question because they never had planned on making it prior to starting the projectOverall, the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building was never really destined to have been created. Too many factors and obstacles were in the way after the idea of creating the mooring mast began."	3
"In the novel the @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, Because in the novel it said ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This quote said that the dirigible would add stress to the building and @CAPS2 risk of colapsing."	1
They faced many problems when trying to dock there. It should never have been made in the first place. To many things were predictable. They had no landing gear, The wind was too great a factore, and the Ships couldent get close enough to The mast to dock.The people creating This over looked the possibility of it not working and only looked torde building it. They had no landing gears what so ever so it was hard to steady it and dock it. The wind was unpredictable and swung the balloon around. The biggest thing was when they slowed it down and had no wind it still couldent get close enough to dock. Those are The @CAPS1 problems they faced.	2
Creating a mooring mast to sit atop the Empire State Building that would function and allow dirigibles to dock there was an incredibly challenging task for those who built the Empire State Building. Because the building was not originally designed to support the extra weight and size of a mooring mast, architects had to work to redesign the frame of the whole building. The architects modified plans to strengthen the steel frame of the building enough so that it could handle the added stress of a mooring mast. While builders were able to fix this problem, many obstacles remained that could not be avoided. One of these was the danger of attempting to control a dirigible. Dirigibles were often inflated with highly flammable hydrogen which would threaten the safety of the citizens of highly populated New York City. Also, dirigibles were traditionally weighed down with lead while docked to keep the blimb from floating around in the wind. This could not be done on the Empire State Building because it would mean lead bricks would be dangling over pedestrians constantly. Besides all these practical obstacles, it was against the law for aircrafts to fly over urban areas, and that was the final obstacle that kept the mooring mast from being used.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles especially with the construction of the mooring mast due to the height of the building. First, due to the alleged, projected height of the mast there were concerns on how to evenly distribute the dirigible's weight. The structure of the dirigible and the fact that it was lighter than air was crucial to understand. Taking this into account, the builders had to figure out how to have the whole building support the dirigible's weight and not just the top mast. Had the dirigible be supported by only the mast itself, the dirigible's weight would probably pulled the mast right out of the building. Another obstacle the builders faced was the delicate nature of the mooring mast. The mast was not made in a business fashion, but more of an extravagant manner, with much of it made out of glass because of many windows. This made the mast's installation a lot more harder because they had to watch the mast be installed from all areas. The builders faced many obstacles in making sure that the Empire State Building was acceptable for dirigible docking.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles with trying to build a docking station for dirigibles. They first needed to make @MONEY1 worth of modifications to strengthen the building to ""accommodate this new situation."" This however, was an obstacle they were able to overcome. The next problem was that most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is flammable, and after the fire of the Hindenburg, people realized how potentially dangerous this docking idea was. Another problem was the weather. High winds could cause problems when the dirigibles are trying to dock. To top off, this list of problems is the fact that there is a ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS1, there were just too many obstacles for the builders to overcome, and the mooring mast was never successful."	4
The idea of making the top of the Empire State Building into a dirigible @CAPS1 had been a good idea, and would have helped with the problem of there was no area large enough for the dirigible to land. However there were flaws in the idea that were not discovered till the construction of the building was completed. One flaw was the violent air currents that would keep the winds around the building constantly moving and would the move back of the dirigible around and around till eventuly the back of the dirigible would hit the building. The other flaw Was that most of the dirigibles was filled with a highly flamable gas known as hydrogen. If the dirigible had exploded and burst into flames like the Hindenburg in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937 then the flaming shell would fall down on the people around the building. Even if the flaws had been fixed, there was already a law that went against the airships flying too low over urban areas and if the airships managed to land on the Empire States Building it would be considered illegal.	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders had to face many obstacles while constructing the Empire State building to be able to allow drigibles to dock there. The builders had to face many obstacles such as laws @CAPS1 Changes and the building @CAPS2, that was not thought about while the idea was accumulating. After creating the plan to add a mast on the top of the empire State building a docking for Dirigibles, the new airships they finally decided to look at the defaults of the already developed plan. While the mask was being designed architects realized that you ""could not simply drop a moorning mast on top of the Empire States building's flat roof."" ""A thousand-foot drigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"". When the builders were constructing their plan they didnt consider the fact that the load of the dirigibles would add stress to the entire building. ""The greatest obstacle to a successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" The builders realize that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents and since the law was against airships flying too low over urban areas the dirigibles idea wouldnt be as easy to fulfill with all of the obstacles to over come. The obstacles the builders had to face When attempting to dock dirigibles on the empire state building were safety laws, weather and the building @CAPS2."	3
"The excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, after the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the fear of such an accident occurring in a densely populated areas such as New York posed a problem, because most international dirigibles used flammable hydrogen instead of helium. Another obstacle was the nature of the mooring mast, and the violent air currents that cause shifts in wind. Having a dirigible moored to the top of the Empire State Building, ""dangling high above the pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe"" (paragraph @NUM1). Also, there was an existing laws that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas, therefore making ""it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (paragraph @NUM2). The architects of the project were so excited by the novelty of the idea that they were blind to these potential difficulties. These obstacles and unsolved problems contributed to the unsuccess of the mass, and the idea disappeared and was forgotten"	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle they faced was they to reconstruct the building to add the mast. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommidate this new situation."" @CAPS1 the mast was an obstacle they had to face. Also, the had to face all of the safety requirements. ""Was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" After they figured out what could go wrong if they docked dirigibles the original purpose of the mast was not able to be fulfilled. Another obstacle they had to face was testing there plan to dock dirigibles. ""U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up."" The dirigible failed in their attempt and the idea of docking dirigibles disappeared in the late 1930's. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. "	2
"In the passage The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2 t buiders of the Empire State Building faced with obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One example is ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof. This is saying that you need to have a solid amount of support to hold a dirigible. Another is ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen not Helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. So if that were to catch fire in the middle of New York City That would not be good. Another is the changing wind speeds would cause the dirigible to sway in the air. This could cause issues with stability. So in this passage The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 had to overcome obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
When something is getting invented or built, many obstacles are faced. The number one obstacle was safety. The wind at the top of the empire state building was another problem. The actual building was a problem too. All these problems and the architects tried to work around them, and failed.Safety is important, if one person dies per trip nobody is going to go on the ballon. Safety is important, no safety means no bussiniss. The wind was a huge problem. If the balloon won't stay still while unloading it is very unsafe. The skeleton of the building would have to change and that is an expensive fix. These are some of the major obstacles the architects faced. Maybe one day they will fix it.	2
"In The Mooring @CAPS1 by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. one of the main problems was nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" which made it dangerous for dirigible to be turning around the building above pedestrians.Another obstacle that the builders raced was that the dirigibles used hydrogen, rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable, and the owners of the Empire State building did not want a dirigible to catch fire above a ""densely populated area such as downtown New York.""The last obstacle faced in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made ""it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."""	4
"The Empire State Building was designed to become the world tallest buiding, with a few tricks up its sleave. The building was originally planned to also function as a Mooring mast for dirigibles. Unfortunately many problems lay in the way interning this theory into reality. One obstacle the constructors of the Empire State Building faced was the use of dangerous gases in the balloons. ""Most Dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable. ""The use of hydrogen posed a dangerous threat to the safty of civilians in New York City. Another problem which was encountered with the building was the wind."" the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast... (the dirigibles) dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe. A third problem the builders had was the leaglity of the issue of mooring ships the buildings. There was an existing law against air ships flying to low over urban areas. ""With this law in place it would have been impossible for ships to moor. Although the builders had good intentions, they failed to realize the reality of the situation."	3
Building the Mooring Mast was not an easy task, creating this futureistic design carried alot of problems beside it. Some problems that these builders faced were that Dirigibles can be up to one thousand feet long so they are very heavy and sway in the wind dangerously, it was also against the law for airships to fly at a low level over urban areas, and there were also a great danger of the Dirigible crashing, or catching fire over the densely populated area of New York.Even though these problems almost seem impossible to pass, they were able to fix up some things to make the project seem more realistic. The steel frame of the Empire State building was modified and strengthened so it could support the Dirigibles and wind pressure, but nature had no mercy and would sway the Dirigibles vigourously which was not safe nor practical. They were able to bypass the law and attempt to dock once which didnt end up working out after all. There had already been cases of Dirigibles crashing such as the Hindenburg. But and accident over a densely populated area would be horrific and not practical. Because of these problems and more, the thought of using a Mooring Mast to dock Dirigibles was quitely retired.	3
The obstacles the engineers faced were that Of Any @CAPS1 builder. You have to to think About how high is to high wind conditions, sturdiness of the frame, @CAPS2 And payroll for the engineers. Although Al Smith did not run into the @CAPS2 Problems he did have to rethink on the Mooring Mast on if it was agood idea. Putting An @CAPS3 Thousand foot @CAPS4 Dangling from a Building 1,250 feet in the air. Al Smith @CAPS5 a landmark for the U.S. But @CAPS6 Should'nt have put a non-usable Mooring Mast At the top.	1
The obstacles the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was that the had to be modified and strengthened. This cost them over @MONEY1 worth of modifications. They had to make these modifications so the dirigible can dock. All in All, these are the obstacles the builders of the Empire state building face in attempting to allow dirigible to dock.	2
The builders had many obstacles to allow the dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was they had to make sure the building was high enough. They also had to make sure the building was durable enough. Those are some of the obstacle they had to allow the dirigibles to dock there.	1
"The builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.  One obstacle that faced the builders was that the dirigibles could not simply land on top of the building.  The thousand foot dirigible would add stress to the frame of the building.  They would have to ""transmit"" the load and the wind pressure to the foundation which was nearly eleven hundred feet below.  The builders had to make over @MONEY1 worth of modifications.  Another reason was nature.  As stated in paragraph @NUM1, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting"".  The dirigible could not be teathered down because the lead weights would be dangling above pedestrians.  A final obstacle was an already existing law.  The law was against airships flying too low over urban areas.  This made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building.  These obstacles destined the mooring mast to never fulfill its purpose."	3
Some of the @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are that they were docked by means of an electric winch, wihich houlad in a line from the front of the ship and then tied into the mast. Also the dirigibles body could swing in the breeze, and yet passengers could safely get on and get off the dirigible by walking down a gangplank to an open oservation platform. Finally the architects and engineers of the Empire State Building consulted with experts, taking tours of the equiment and mooring operations at the U.S. Naval air Station in Lakehurst, New Jersey.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building had to overcome many obstacles so the dirigibles could safely dock at the top to refuel or repair. People were thrilled for this idea, yet they knew how difficult this task would be. First of all, the building plan had to be redone due to the Chrysler building's builders tactic about sneaking around to make the building taller than the Empire State Building. Al Smith was not going to let that happen so he decided to make the @CAPS1.S.B. even taller. (1,250 ft.) secondly, the builders had to come up with a way to build the dock on a stable platform because it was unstable on the flat roof. This served as and obsticle because at such a height, construction is hard to do. Al Smith was more than determined though which enlightened the workers stated in paragraph @NUM1, ""over sixty thousand dollars"" worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework (Lüsted, @NUM1). Also, the dock or landing dock, could not be used weather permitting. The dirigibles so close to the city, building, and civilians was dangerous when swaying around. The author says, ""some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City"" (6). There were violent wind currents that could make the dirigibles sway around the mooring mast. Last of all, an existing law against airships flying that low over urban areas was in place. This is a major contributor to the failed attempt. Being prohibited and breaking the law would get many in trouble. All and all, the attempt made by the architects of the Empire State Building proved dedication and good intentions, but their ideas were too irrational for the dock to become successful in society."	3
"The first obstacle that the can builders faced was the fact that the idea of the empire State building being the tallest construct in New York City had been shattered. This led them to subsequently face more obstacles as their plan expanded. When the design to make the construct of the plan was complete they begin to face more potential problems. The first being it was not logical or probable to ""drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (line @NUM1) For, in dang this the amount of stress it would induce on to the frame would be monstrous, hence, it was concluded the stress would have to be transmitted through the building's foundation, which to the builders dismay was 11 hundred ft. below. This resulted in @MONEY1 worth of modifications to the foundation. Another obstacle that was faced was the wind pressure. ""Los Angeles approached the mooring mass but could not get close engough to tie up because of  forceful winds"" (line @NUM2)"	2
The builders of the empire State building faced alot of obstacles. One problem they had was when & if they landed getting an area for the people to get on and off. they had to make the platform bigger also. When the dirigibles landed it was because they needed more fuel @CAPS1 it would only be a couple hours they were stopped.	1
The obstaclesthat the builders of the Empire state building faced were those of: 1) it was at a height of @NUM1 feet, @NUM2) how would the passengers be able to get on and off, @NUM3) takes a long time to slow down and @NUM4) the building is said to be 102 floors high with an observation deck on the 101st floor and a boarding/observation deck on the 102nd floor for the blimp passengers. some more major obstacles that the builders of the Empire state building had faced were some so intense they are hard to explain those major obstacles were: 1) how to dock the blimps and @NUM2) how many blimps could dock there at one time.	0
@CAPS1 were thought of as the future of transportation Also known as blimps @CAPS1 were like ballons except they were steel and had rubbers and propellers to keep control. These steel balloons can ride eighty miles per hour. The main reason why the empire	1
When the construction of the Mooring Mast on the Empire State Building was completed the builders began to face problems that should have been apparent from the begining. Some of the problems faced was there is a law in the U.S. that doesnt let aircraft fly close to or around cities and buildings. This meant they wouldn't be able to have the blimps tethered to the mast anyway. The highly violent and constantly changing weather and wind also posed a problem because it would be blowing the blimp everywhere, and its could not be weighed down with lead blocks like on land because it wouldn't be safe having them hang over the city. With the winds being crazy the blimp (most of them filled with hydrogen) could be punctured and set ablaze following towards the people on the ground. With those @CAPS1 being some of the most obvious problems some would think they wouldn't have attempted it but those obsticles were never overcome and the mooring mast still sits unused.	3
"The architects had their hands full when building the addition to the Empire State Building. There were @CAPS1 obstacles that needed to be overcome when they started building such as making sure the dirigibles were safe enough also taking in consideration the winds that are constantly changing. These problems were part of why the plans were put to a hault.Certain weather conditions were a big part of the safety procedures that took place. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" The winds would make the ship sway back and forth which would be extremely dangerous. Another problem was that @CAPS1 foreign ships ran on hydrogen which is flamable and that would be a high risk. ""@CAPS1 dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable."	2
The builders had to go through many obstacles to @CAPS1 to allow the dirigible to dock on the @ORGANIZATION2. The first thing that was a problem with geting it to the top of the Empire State Building. They said the wind made it really hard to get the dirigible up there with out it poping. There was also the safty of it being up there. There was already a fire from another dirigible catching on fire. The gases inside are really flamable and that would make a really big problem. The last thing that they had to conider was if Airships were to Low. The dirigible would pop. for all those reason they had to concider them to @CAPS1 to allow the dirigible on the Empire State Building.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building were challenged with significant obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One example, was the architects had to address the potential problem of the ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law clearly would prohibit and make it ""illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". Dirigibles were designed to be ""moored in open landing fields"" and ""could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe."" Another example, of an obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced was the potential risk to passengers and resident safety. The reason the landing of dirigibles were a potential threat to the entire population of New York City was that ""most dirigibles from outside United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" The owners of the Empire State Building saw these potential risks ""when the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey."" Also, another obstacle of placing a mooring mast among one of the world's tallest buildings was ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Due to the unpredictable winds the dirigible could sway and ""swivel around and around the mooring mast"". The architects of the Empire State Building were threatened by the possible obstacles of constructing a mooring mast atop the building."	4
"The builders of the empire state building had many @CAPS1. One of these @CAPS1 was trying to get the frame of the building to support dirigible, ""The stress of dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted to the frame."" Another problem faced by the builders was that there was a law against aircraft going that low, this was stated @CAPS2 @NUM1 ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low in urban areas."" The biggest obstacle was nature itself. The violent winds that high up would have caused the dirigibles to be unable to moor, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mast."" These were the @CAPS1 the builders faced."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there and those obstacles include: the lack of a suitable landing area in @LOCATION1, a mooring mast was needed to the top of the building so dirigibles or blimps could anchor there for several hours for fuel, services, and to let passengers on and off, The steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened because a thousand-foot blimp mooring at the top of the building held by a cable tether would cause stress to the building frame. The blimps load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all through the buildings foundation which was somewhere about eleven hundred feet below. The last obstacle in the allowing blimps to dock at the Empire State Building was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas which would make it illegal for a dirigible to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area.	3
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" by. Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Al Smith wanted to make the tallest building in New York. He had made the building very tall, 1,046 feet tall to be exact, but then, the Empire State Building was made taller, 1,250 feet. It was basically a competition to see who was to have the tallest building in New York. A mooring mast was put on top of each building for more height. Although, the builders did not account the balloons, or dirigibles that pass in the air. Dirigibles are highly flammable, and if they so happen come in contact with a mooring mast, it could be destroyed, just like before, ""the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937,""... The mast could have caused huge chaos to New York if it did damage upon a dirigible passing in the air."	2
"When building the dock for dirigibles. Al Smith was only able to think of a few obstacles that would come up. As it turns out, there were more obstecles than expected. One that was expected was the building could be pulled over by the dirigibles as stated in paragraph @NUM1, third sentence. An obstacle that was unknown until after the mast was built was the violen shift in wind would cause the dirigibles to wrap itself around the mast and to dang weights off the back of it to prevent the wrapping was considered unsafe as stated in paragraph fourteen, second sentence to the fourth. Another untold issue was the ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (paragraph @NUM2, first sentence) along with the fact that ""most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. (paragraph @NUM3, second sentence). The whole idea of a docking mast was not well thought out."	3
"In this excerpt the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The architects had trouble with putting the moor mast on top of the building. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" The mooring mast would have stressed the building. Because of the stress from the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to strengthen and modify the whole building which cost over sixty thousand dollars. So they build a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower. Those were the obstacles in making a moor mast."	2
The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in the attempts of allowing dirigibles, the transportation of the future in the @DATE1's, also known as blimps to dock at the building. The biggest problem was figuring out how to make the mast work.The main obstacle to the use of the mooring mast was nature, since the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of strong, violent air currents, the back of the dirigible would turn around and around the mast even when it'll be tied to the mast. It is said in the excerpt that dirigibles moored in open landing fields can be weighted down with the use of lead weights. Because these would be dangling high above people below it would be dangerous, just in case it falls. Also, builders cannot control nature making this the most difficult.Another obstacle was the stress the body frame at the building will receive if the dirigible was held by a single cable tether. The wind pressure and stress would have been too much for the building's foundation. This was solved by modifying the steel frame of the Building to be stronger to keep the building from collapsing.The attempts at allowing dirigibles to more at the building had many obstacles but in the end it was all for nothing because there is a law that is against airships flying too low over urban areas.	3
The @CAPS1 faced arguments,confusment, tufe Time Building it.	0
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.  One obstacle was the stress on the building from the dirigible.  The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have had to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation which was @NUM1 feet below.  So the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened Another obstacle was that most dirigibles from outside the U.S use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable.  The third obstacle was the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents.  Even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would move around uncontrollably.  Lastly, the last obstacle with the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.  This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area.  These are the many obstacles that builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their	3
"In the excerpt the builders had many obstacles on how they could dock dirigibles on top of the Empire State Building. The first problem they had was because of the high winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@NUM1). This was a problem because the winds could cause the dirigibles to crash into the building releasing it's gases. The second obstacle they faced was making the building structure strong enough to tie down the dirigibles. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modifyed and strengthened to accommodate this new situation"" (@NUM2). This was a problem because if they did not strengthen the steel the dirigibles would weaken the building's structure. Those are the main two obstacles that the builders faced when building the Empire State Building @CAPS1 they could dock dirigibles."	3
"In the excerpt ""The @CAPS1 Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders faced many obstacles. They were trying to get Dirigibles to land on the empire state building. They faced many problems while trying to accomplish this feat. If they were going to have Dirigibles land atop the building they would have to add floors to the building. Another one is ""The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation."" Which means they would have to waste even more money. Then something they found out later is they couldn't even do this, in the first place due to legal matters. If they did that then they would be getting themselves in trouble with the legal system. Once they realized that I think that they realize the project was a failure and told the world ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring air ships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postone too a later date the final installation of the landing gear."""	3
"Engineering a docking station was supposed to be a great accomplishment for the city of New York. Unfortunately, builders faced many obstacles in trying to make this incredible plan flourish. Many engineers did not think of the hazards and for ""reasons that should have been apparent before it was even constructed"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1).The greatest issue was safety. Dirigibles used a highly flammable gas, hydrogen, and if an incident like the Hindenburg were to occur again, it would be an immense danger to the densely populated city.Another obstacle were the winds at the top of the Empire State Building. The winds were constantly shifting and the backs of dirigibles would swing around and around.There was also a law against low flying aircraft over urban areas. so it was illegal for a ship to ever even approach the area. The idea for a docking station was great, however, many obstacles were not brought up in the early @CAPS2 of planning, so the Empire State Building never came to be a dock."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges with dirigibles. The first being that with the large size of the aircrafts it would put much stress on the building and so a new frame was created to accomadate the @NUM1 ft dirigibles. Sixty thousand dollars was needed for modifications. Another problem was safety. A lot of dirigibles out of the United States used hydrogen which is highly flammable and different accident like in New Jersey, where the blimp caught fire, were to happen in the heavely populated New York a lot of injuries and deaths would occur. A third reason is nature. Since the building stood so tall, wind speeds and pressure was very unpredictable, especially with the violent air currents. In open fields weights were used to stabilize dirigibles, but having lead weights ""dangling high above pedestrians... was neither practical nor safe."" @CAPS1, there were laws against flying at certain altitudes in urban areas. The Empire State Building being at the height it was, was still illegal to have a dirigible or other craft tie up to it. Those are obstacles the builders faced when building the Empire State Building."	4
"In the excerpt of the @CAPS1 ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles, also known as blimps, where at the time of the construction of the Empire State Building, and the most advanced form of @CAPS2. The Empire State building was erected to tether dirigibles and allow them to unload and reload passengers and refuel. While building constructors realized, ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings Foundation... eleven hundred feet below,"" (para. @NUM1). Plans needed to be made to support the building and blimps. The nature also was conflict to the project. Lead weights would be used to land dirigibles ""where they would be dangling high above Pedestrians on the street, was neither practical or safe."" (para @NUM2). Due to violent winds at the elevation these weights would waver the blimp and its weights. The aircrafts so were also at risk of landing on ""sharp spires of other buildings."" (para @NUM3). In addition a law for bid @CAPS2 from ""flying low in urban areas (para @NUM3). For these reasons the Empire State Building was never used for the docking of dirigibles."	4
"There were a few challenges that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The mast couldn't just be dropped on the top of the building. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" All this stress would be transmitted to the foundation of the building. Another obstacle was the builders had to modify the whole building. The architects had designed the mooring mast and made changes to existing plans for the building's skeleton."" The builders already had the building done but in order to dock the dirigibles, they needed to change the building. These architects worked hard to build something that could never be used because of the violent air currents. ""Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The architects put all their hard work into remodeling the building for nothing."	2
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A huge obstacle was that some dirigibles were as long as @NUM1 feet, the same length as four blocks in New York. Another obstacle was the expanded use. New York was the lack of suitable landing area they would have. With this Al Smith saw opportunity for his building. He would add a morning mast to the top of the building that would allow passengers on and off, which would then become a spot for refueling or service. But with this new idea there would have to be lots of planing.	1
Architects constructing the Empire State Building encountered many obstacles for the mooring mast. During the 1920s dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the future. The idea of making a mast wasnt so farfetched at first. As construction neared completion many concerns arose. Many dirigibles outside the United States use the highly flammable gas known as hydrogen. Another problem was the docking of the blimps, winds on the Empire State Building constantly shifted which forced the rear of the dirigibles to rotate around the mooring mast. Lastly a law was formed to restrict airships from entering an urban area at low altitudes. When all the problems came together the idea of mooring dirigibles quietly disappeared.	3
"In The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. One big obstacle they had to overcome is when the dirigibles dock it would leave stress on the foundation of the building. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework."" Another obstacle the builders would have to overcome was the winds at the top of the building constantly shifting directions. They thought about putting weights on the dirigibles but then that would not be safe having them hang a thousand feet up over people. There was also a law stating that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. Therefore the builders of the Empire State Building had many obstacles to overcome."	3
"While in the process of building the Empire State Building the workers overcome countless obstacles. Al Smith, the governor of New York, wants to build ""the world's tallest building"" (1). At the same time the Empire State building is being designer the @ORGANIZATION2 building, also in New York, is finishing construction The @ORGANIZATION2 building workers decide they want to challenge the designers of the Empire State Building by secretly building a 185-foot spire and making their building 46 feet taller. This begins a competition between the designers to see who will win the title of the tallest building. Later on, after the Empire State building is built and wins the title of the tallest building, the workers are trying to make it work as a mast for dirigibles the land on. The designers forgot to factor in the safety of landing a dirigible in the middle of a city and the fact that wind is a huge factor in landing the aircraft safely. The idea of the building for acting as a landing for dirigibles is dropped. The Empire State Building *************** "	2
"Many problems arised with the docking of dirigibles at the Empire State Building for that the engineers did not account. While the architects were designing the mast, they realized that the building was not built to withstand the stress of dirigibles and the wind. ""... modifications had to be made"" (paragraph @NUM1). Though this obstacles was able to be overcome, many others were not. Since most dirigibles outside of the @PERSON1 used hydrogen, a very flammable gas, a dirigibles could go down in flames similar to the German Hindenburg, and ""owners... realized how much worse that accident could have been... above... New York"" (paragraph @NUM2). Another obstacle was a problem with a ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (paragraph @NUM3). No dirigible would be allowed even close to the building; however, two still tried but neither could tether safely to the building. The thought of the transportation of the future moved on to airplanes and the Empire State Building's top floors are now a public tourist spot."	4
"In the article "" The Mooring Mast,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted it is apparent that the builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges, during the attempt of trying to dock dirigibles. The dirigibles themselves could be a hazard. ""... Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. ""In likes of what had happened to the German airship Hindenburg, officials didn't want a similar disaster to occur in downtown New York. Also, the dirigibles light mass would make it a target to high, forceful winds."" The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currets."" This reality caused fear that a zeppelin could potentially be blown into a spire of some sort on another building, causing it to suffer a hole in its fragile lining. The law also caused obstacles for docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building ""... dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law thwarted many of the would-be attempts of mooring these. Mooring dirigibles was a dream talked about in, ""The Mooring Mast,"" however that soon never had the chance to come true."	4
The @CAPS1 of the empire state building had to cross many obstacles in order to have a dirigible dock on the Empire State Building. They needed to build a mooring mast for the dirigible to dock on the Building. This presented another problem however because if dirigible docked on the building its weight would be to much for the building. They overcame this obstacle by rienforcing the building's supports. The largest obstacle and the one that defeated this idea of docking a dirigible on the Empire State Building was simply the elements. The violent air currents and high winds made it impossible for a dirigible to safely tether itself to the top of the empire building. For example when the @ORGANIZATION2 dirigible Los @CAPS2 tried to get in range of the mooring mast but was unable to, do to the fiercely forceful winds. In the end the @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building could not overcome the obstacles.	3
In this excerpt the builders of the empire State building were faced with many problem's trying to build a dock for dirigibles. The first problem they were faced with was how could they put this much stress on the building's structure, As mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. Another problem the workers faced was the safety of the city people below. What if the dirigible caught on fire like the Hindenburg and all the pedestrians below would be in danger. Also the building around it would in harms way too. As stated in paragraph @NUM2 the dock was never really ment for use. I think They just wanted a reason to make the building taller than the Chrysler building.	2
"Al Smith had incredible vision with his plans for the Empire State Building. However, his excitement about dirigibles being allowed to dock at the top of the building, blinded him to the obvious obstacles in the way. Dirigibles themselves, were not safe modes of transportation. Hydrogen is very flammable, and would not be safe near large crowds of people, like in an urban area like New York. From a practical viewpoint the mooring mast would not work either, because of the high elevation. The height of the building would have violent winds @CAPS1 it difficult for dirigibles to land for passengers to disembark. The final major problem was that there was a law stating that  airships were not to fly too low over urban areas. Irvan Clavan summed it up when he said ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear."" However, technology soon made dirigibles outdated."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced several obstacles throughout the building procedure. First, many of the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen gas rather than helium and ""hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1 following the German dirigle Hindenburg, Empire State Building owners ""realize how much worse the accident could have been,"" and this resulted in the decision not to utilize the mast as a docking area. Also, when Al Smith decided to build the additional mooring mast onto the top of the building, due to the weight of the docking blimps, the architects had to invest ""over @MONEY1"" to modify the building's framework and enable it to support the weight of a dangling blimp @CAPS2, due to violent winds, the docking dirigibles could not properly land and ""were constantly shifting."" Lead weights couldn't be used because of the dangers and impracticalities the idea could set on the @LOCATION1 below. Finally, it seems that the overall safety and practicality of the mooring mast weren't easily attainable. Al Smith states himself that the engineers are ""trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement. Hence, the builders of the Empire State experienced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building."	4
"The ability to dock dirigibles atop the Empire State Building, while initially lucrative, had major obstacles. The problems facing the development of the mooring mast would be cost, flammability of dirigibles, and weather over @NUM1 feet in the air. The structural and cost problems facing Al Smith was that ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" In order to overcome this obstacle, ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and... over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications would have to be made."" This is problematic because Al Smith now must spend more time and money than originally planned. Furthermore, another problem is that ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This is a huge obstacle because a fire or explosion ""above a densely populated areas such as downtown New York"", would be catastrophic and could put thousands of people in harms way. Finally the weather at the top of the Empire State building is unsuitable for docking dirigibles: ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting... the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This is dangerous to the structure of the building, surrounding buildings, and people close by. Due to these problems, Al Smith and the engineers could not complete the Mooring Mast."	4
"The architects building the Empire State Building incountered a big problem when trying to put the mooring mast on the very top. The second sentence in paragraph @CAPS1 states, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" Although the architects faced many problems this was the biggest. This ment that they would have to change the buildings structure in order to make it work. It says in the bottom of paragraph @CAPS1 that over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made."	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced quite a few obstacles in making a dirigible docking stations. One of the main things was that there was a law in place that banned the use of low flying aircrafts in urban areas, like New York City. Another reason is that it was just not safe to dock these massive blimps that high. Almost @NUM1 hundred feet up the winds would have been very violent, and with the tailend of the dirigible not being fastened down, it was very likely that it could get spun around and end up tangled with the mast. Also it was not safe because many foreign blimps were filled with hydrogen which was highly flamable, and if an- accident similar to the Hindenburg with fire occurred over in urban place like New York City it could have been very tragic. Lastly in order to build the mast builders had to re inforce the frame of the building so that it could bear the stress that such a station would put on the structure.	4
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced a few problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. one of the first problems they faced was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (Lüsted, @NUM1). The builders would have to keep this in mind. The next obstacle they faced was nature and its winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents,"" (@NUM2). The winds would be a major problem that the builders would have to face because it is so unpredictable. Lastly, the builders had to worry about the law pertaining to airships flying too low over urban areas ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area,"" (@NUM3). The builders of the Empire State Building had to face the difficulties of safety, nature, and the law in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building."	4
Some of the problems with the constructing of docking dirigibles were that, natural causes like high winds said in ¶ 6. The dirigibles were highly flammable due to the use of hydrogen gases that made the dirigibles fly. Also another important factor was that this project was being taken place in a highly populated area, which meant harm could be done civilians if anything ever went wrong.	2