essay	domain1_score
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they faced was the existing law against airships flying too low in urban areas. This made it illegal for the dirigible to tie up on the building. Another obstacle faced in allowing dirigibles to dock was safety. Most dirigibles used hydrogen which was highly flammable. If a dirigible caught fire over the densely populated area of New York, there would be a good chance that many people would be hurt. A final obstacle faced was ""nature itself."" The winds on the top of the Empire State building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even though a dirigible would be attached to the mooring mast, the back of it would move around the mooring mast in a dangerous way. Many obstacles were faced by the workers of the Empire State Building in order to allow a dirigible to dock there."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building a great idea. They wanted to be able to tethered dirigibles, or blimps, to the top of the building. However, there were many problems with this idea. First of all, blimps themselves were not very sturdy. Strong winds could easily blow dirigibles trying to dock into the spires of other buildings. Dirigibles also started to use hydrogen gas rather than Helium. Hydrogen gas is extremely flammable. The smallest the sparking could set the whole blimp ablaze. The docking system its self was also a problem. The only way to keep a dirigible level was to hang lead weights off the side. One concern was that a way could fall off and fall into the densely populated city below. This could've proved very disastrous!	3
"During the construction of the Empire State Building to allow dirigibles to dock, there were constant obstacles faced by the builders. Architects could not place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building. @NUM1 ft dirigibles would add stress the buildings framework, therefore causing the architects to modify the framework. This would cost them an extra @MONEY1 for the modifications. The Architects don't know if these modifications will help. Safety is another concern. Foreign dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. For example ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place over a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" The Architects also had to worry about @ORGANIZATION2 and the constant shifting of the winds due to violent air currents. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship which swivel around and around the mooring mast."" @CAPS1 dirigibles land in open fields where they are weighed down so they won't drift away, except it is impossible to weigh down the dirigible in the air. They dangle high above pedestrians walking around on the streets, therefore making it not safe. There is also the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building or even approach the area."" There were two attempts to dock on the building. @NUM2 was in December 1930, the @ORGANIZATION3 dirigible Los Angeles Attempted to dock except it couldn't get close enough to to high velocity winds. ""By the late 1930s, the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared."" Airplanes became the future."	4
In Marcia Amidon Lüsted's excerpt, The Mooring Mast, many obstacles had the engineers of the Empire state building looking for a new way to dock dirigibles. One obstacle they had to face was the steel work of the building. The pressure of the wind and the dirigibles load had cost the company @MONEY1. Secondly, they had to design a few special floors for the passengers of the dirigibles. One floor would be for baggage and suitcases while a special observation deck was set up for passengers to exit or enter the ship. Lastly, the building would now be 102 floors and would need to be very durable so special materials were needed to be brought in and used to create the building. All in all, the Empire State Building engineers had to overcome many obstacles when constructing the 1,250 ft. building.	1
"The builders of the empire state buildings had many problems in allowing dirigibles to dock there. Things such as the wind, the actual docking, and the people getting off safely. The actual docking was impractical it would be nearly impossible to connect the winch.     The wind was the main reason for the fate of the mast. First the wind current was so strong that the pilot would have a very difficult time getting close enough. The captain of the, ""Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of the forceful winds. Also even if it could tie up the back of the dirigible would swing around fiercefuly. So the builders were dealing with an impractical task"	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework.	2
"In the reading The Mooring Mast written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced an obstacle. Which was attempting to allow Dirigibles to dock there.  Not to mention Dirigibles were thought of being the transportation of the future. First, ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area"" (@NUM1). This quote shows that for one this Dirigible would need to find a proper landing area. As well as not being able to fit. Thus, there was some need of more area space. Also, ""some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City"" (@NUM2). It seems as though there was not enough space due to the Dirigible being so long. It also shows how would these architects come up with a plan in making this work, so that way it would fit properly. Therefore, there was an obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced. Which was the lack of a suitable area."	2
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there was many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced with allowing diriibles to land there. One of the obstacles were the safety problems. The drigibles had to come close enough to the Empire State building so they could be able to tie the dirible down. This put the diribles too close to the people. There was a law that that stated that airships can't fly to low to urban areas. There was a disaster that happened in Lakehurst, New Jersey that they were trying to prevent from happening in New York (paragraph @NUM1). Another problem with that builders faced was that the strong winds of nature did not allow diribles to get close enough to tie down to the mast. There were many obstacles builders had to face that at the end it was not worth making the Empire state building a dirible dock."	3
The builders of the Empire State building seem blind of all the dangers that would be a result of the mooring mast. One huge factor in danger was the violent winds at that elevation. The blimp would be swung around on the tether going to the building, which could either damage the building itself, or damage the blimp. Alsoif  the blimp was moving, how would passangers get on and off? They could fall off the loading dock whether they were going on or off the blimp. Passengers could even get blown off the open floor of the Empire State building. Another factor was the high population of New York City, if something like debris had fallen down to the streets, it could probably kill a few walking pedestrians. I would think that the architects would have considered all these factors before trying to begin the project.	2
In the excerpt, the Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the construction of the Empire State Building faces many problems. One of these problems is that the governer of New York, Al Smith wanted the building to be the tallest in the world. In order to do this you would need a mask to break the record. The mask made to made nature a danger to the whole building because of violent air current. Another reason how the Empire State Building failed is because their was a law banning airships flying too low over urban areas. This law went in effect because of a German dirigible caught on fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Those were just some of the many problems the dirigibles faced while passing the Empire State Building.	2
Although Al Smith had expected the mooring mast of the Empire State Building to be unique and practical, builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, in order for the building to accommodate the stress that the dirigibles would add to the building's frame, the framework of the building had to be modified. This cost over sixty thousand dollars. In addition, dirigibles used hydrogen-a highly flammable gas. An accident could be fatal in a densely-populated area like New York City. Also, there were violent winds at the top of the building that would making docking difficult and could possibly blow a dirigible into the side of the building, causing it to be punctured. Finally, an existing law prohibited airships from flying to low over urban areas; it would be illegal for a ship even to approach the building's area.	3
"In the excerpt from, ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, tells about the original purpose to the mast on top of the Empire State Building was to serve as a landing spot for dirigibles (blimps).Some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced was the tremendous stress that the mast would put on the Empire State Building. In order to get around this, they put frame work around the entire building's frame. Another obstacle that was faced was safety. First of all, the wind at the top of the Empire State Building was to great for any blimp to stay aloft in mid-air without being tossed around. Finally, the possibility of the blimp either popping on the spikes, or blowing up because of the hydrogen, over New York City.In conclusion, the mast on the Empire State Building, looked good on paper, but once you add in natural elements, the mast had too many flaw to it."	3
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" written by @PERSON1, there were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with that should have been apparent before they built the mast. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" It says in the ""The Mooring Mast"" that at the top of the building winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Also if the dirigibles were tethered, the back of them would move around while the dirigibles would also be high above the city with people watching. Unsafe for many. ""An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" It's illegal for a ship to tie up with the building or to even go to an area like that. These thing should have been brought to the builders attention with obstacles such as nature and lawbreaking are in play."	3
"When they build the Empire State Building they faced obstacles building it. An obstacle they faced was that they wanted to make it as high and as safe as possible. The way the architetures wanted to make it the tallest building in the world was by putting a mooring mast on the top of the building. A mooring mast is basically a dock for dirigibles (blimps). This was dangerous. It was because the Mast could snap at such a high altitude and plumate to the ground or snap, and dangle high above the street. ""... The Government people in washington are figuring on some way of mooring airships to this mast,"" says Al Smith four year term governor of New York. Although it may look nice, its not the safest idea."	1
"In the short story ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 There is an obsticle that the builders had to over come. Building the top of the empire state building was difficult because the dock part of the tower wasn't stable. Also the frame of the building couldn't support the dirigible, ""dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame"". The designers designed a new tower that was a ""shinny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside"". The winches and controlling machinery would be housed in the base of the shaft its self. They also added a observation deck and more passengers were able to wait for the dirigible. another problem with it was there was a law that aircrafts couldn't get to close to urban places. Over all it was a hard pain saking design for them and costed alot of money."	2
"Despite Al Smith's goal of fulfilling the ""dream of aviation pioneers,"" the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One such problem that the builders faced was the stress a dirigible would add to the building itself; by mooring a large dirigible to the building by a single cable tether, the building would have to be able to withstand the stress of the dirigible itself and the wind pressure that would be transmitted throughout the entire building. Thus, the builders were forced to strengthen the frame of the Empire State Building with over @MONEY1 of modifications. In addition, dirigibles from outside the United States posed as a danger hazard due to most of them being filled with highly flamable hydrogen. When the German dirigible was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, it became obvious of the risks of such an accident above a densely populated city of New York. Not only that, but the raging winds on top of the Empire State Building also posed a problem as even when tethered to the mooring mast, the rear of the ship would continually sway around the mooring mast; this proved to be a danger hazard with the citizens of New York directly below it. Furthermore, there was an established law prohibiting airships from flying to low over urban areas; this made it illegal for a dirigible to tether itself to the Empire State Building and further cemented the impossibility for the builders in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles. In the excerpt said ""the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to fail."" A somehow unseen obstacle was the fact that ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium"" which is a much more unstable gas and if a dirigible caught fire and went down over New York many civilians would be killed or wounded. Another obstacle the builders faced was ""the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting."" This would make it very difficult to ancor a dirigible down to the mast and as the excerpt said they could not use lead weights hanging from the underside of the dirigible because they would be hanging over citizens below. Those are the problems faced by the builders of the empire state building."	3
"With any public transportation unit, many challengers are expected and some are problems unable to be solved. Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, builders of the Empire State Building faced plenty of obstacles in attempts to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. In regards to docking these dirigibles, they were breaking ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" Which made the builders' procedure illegal. Also, not only was it a dangor for the citizens of New York City, but due to the weather conditions it was dangorous for passengers and workers on the dirigible. Lüsted states that ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This goes to show that any project should be checked for safety precautions at all times."	3
In this excerpt, the builders faced many obstacles with the Empire State Building in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some of those problems included weather, height, and the gases used to to fuel the dirigible. The weather was a tough force to beat. If the dirigibles were to dock at the building, the wind at that height was more extreme, and could cause the dirigible to swerve. The next contributing factor was height. In the excerpt, it stated that law ordered a limit. If the dirigibles were too low to urban areas, it would be unsafe. At any moment something could cause the dirigible to fall and crash on buildings and pedestrians. The last obstacle is the type of gas used. Apparently hydrogen is highly flammable compared to helium. Which could also cause harm to the passengers. In conclusion, weather, height, and the type of gas used, were all among the many obstacles that the Empire State Building would face when allowing dirigibles to dock there.	3
"The architects of the Empire State building believed that dirigibles were able to dock on the building if there was a mooring mast. However there were many obstacles to over-come to allow this to happen. If a dirigible landed on the mast, it would force a lot of pressure on the building as it swayed in the wind. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored... would add stress to the buildings frame."" And as nature played a role, the wind could swing the body of the dirigible possibly causing the frame of the building to break and the building to collapse.Another obstacle that the architects faced was danger. American dirigibles used helium, while dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen, which is highly flammable. ""... the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey..."" The architects realized that they Hindenburg explosion would have been worst if it occurred on the Empire State building ""... above a densely populated area...""."	3
"The builders of the empire state building could not dock dirigibles because of the building's structure, the winds pushing the dirigibles, and public safety. The structure could not handle the swaying dirigible becacse of the winds pushing the back side. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. this quote shows how dangerous it would be to put a large flammable dirigible over new york and the people in new york."	2
"In the piece ""The Mooring MAst,"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it describes what the mast on the Empire State Building was really for. There were many obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to @CAPS1 on the mast. One problem they faced was that the dirigible landed on the roof would add stress to the building's frame. The stress and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building. This means the building would have to be modified and strengthened. Safety was also a big issue for the mast. Because the dirigibles used hydrogen, it could catch on fire and be destroyed over a densely populated area. Another obstacle was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting. This made the back of the ship swivel around. Lastley, it was not successful is because of the law against airships flying too low. Before the constructors built all this extra to the building they should have thought of all the defects it could have."	3
The idea of docking dirigables on top of The Empire State Building was a grand one It seems as though the dream of dirigable transportation was on it's way up, however, the architects were blinded by their excitement. Al @CAPS1 competitive nature not only pushed the building to a un-precedented 1,250 ft., but also combined transportation in new, fashionable, And effective ways. This not only made the public and architects excited, but also put a lot of expectations on the building. Al Smith did not see all the obstacles ahead that would halt his dirigible plans. One of the obstacles being that the swaying of the dirigible would add stress to the frame of the building, though the necessary precautions were made, the obstacle was foreshadowing the others to come. When the dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire due to the hydrogen gas, people became skepticle. What if it were to blowup over a crowded New York city street? Also, an existing law against aircrafts flying too low over urban areas prohibited the dirigable plans. The obstacles proved too much for the plan to go through. Though the plans were merely postponed by the late 1930's the idea of dirigables a top the Empire State Building had disappeared.	3
"Throughout the passage, the builders were faced with many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the empire state building. Al Smith had the idea to have dirigibles be a new form of transportation. The idea sounded great with the dirigibles moving at a rate of seventy five miles per hour and moving thousands of feet without needing to be refuled. Anxious, Al smith was very unsure of when the would all be done, saying, ""it's on the level, all right. No kidding. We're working on the thing now."" It would just not be possible for the architect to drop the huge mooring mass on top of the buildings flat roof. Another problem would be the violent wind currents. The fate of the dirigible had faded out. Airplanes became more suitable to passengers then dirigibles."	2
There were several obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem they faced was they would have to change & fix the @CAPS1 of the Building in order to compensate for all the Stress there would be on the Building when the dirigibles landed. After they constructed & built the landing, there were several more problems. The first problem was that the hydrogen in the balloons is very flammable. This is a problem because New York is densely populated & with a flammable substance above there heads, it poses a threat. The second problem was the dirigible itself. It can easily blow in the wind, & would constantly wave in the wind, & unlike in a field, weights cold not be tied to the back of it because of the crowds below. The third & final problem they dealt with was the law: airships are not allowed too fly low over urban areas. The Empire State Building was too low in an urban area for anything to fly over it. Several of these problems led to the failure of the original idea & left the Empire State Building with a tall post of no purpose.	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" many of the builders faced obstacles for attempting dirigibles to dock at the empire state building. Many of the reasons had to do with safety. Although the idea to dock dirigibles to the building sounded good many things could of gone wrong. The Empire State building was a enormous structure for it's time, even though it looked ideal for the mast to go on ""winds""  would be too dangerous for even the most skilled pilots to menuver the dirigibles. Also most of the dirigibles from other countrys such as @LOCATION2 used ""hydrogen"" in their blimps. Although the dirigibles were ""hailed"" as the transportation of the future, too many safety precautions had to be taken because of the densely populated area of New York City. For the dirigibles at the time they were a sound and good idea for transportation, but even though the structure of the Empire State building lookd good they still had to be care ful with the building and the people below, and for the German hydrogen filled blimps were not good terms of safety over a populated city."	3
In the novel, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, obsticals of the Empire State Building faced to attempemt to allow dirigibles to dock there were enginering challenges. A problem with the docking was that the building was complete before the idea came to mind. A second problem was that the whole skeletal structure had to be changed in order for dirigibles to be able to dock. Then the question on how the airships, dirigibles, would stay next to the building. These were harder problem after it was illigale to have dirigibles to be close to buildings as well. Plus the fact that if they crash they are flamable and could kill people. Those are some facts that made it difficult for the Empire State building to build a dirigibles docks in the novel, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted.	3
"When the idea of making a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building was thought of, builders did not realize the obstacles that would have to be passed. One obstacle was ""nature itself. The winds, on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This means that if a dirigible were to be tied up for loading and unloading, it could be moved around freely in the sky, making it dangerous for passengers to be on or around it. An example of the dangerous winds would be in 1930, the ""U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. A concern for safety was that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If something wrong were to happen, there could be great consequences for the heavily populated downtown of @LOCATION2. A third and final obstacle that occurred was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" Because of these obstacles, the idea to have dirigibles dock at the top of the Empire State Building seemed impossible, and was never accomplished."	4
Some of the Problems they faced building the emPire State building was the hight. building a buildig that high up and also epecting it to do things such as bording dirigibles. The @CAPS1 of the dirigible against the building could couse it to collapes. thats why The contractor to to re shape the Skeleton of the building.	1
The Empire state building faced several major problems in making a station for diridgibles to dock. One is, that at that time there was a law prohibiting airships of any kind landing/docking in a residential area, never mind a densely populated city. There will were also many issues with practicalities with the mast, if it was even constructed. It would have been a huge hassle to get the huge airships docked, and keeping them there, never mind the extremely flammible hydrogen gas zeppelins were often filled with.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was attaching a mooring mast to the top of the building. Because of the height of the Empire State Building, they were unable to just drop the mast onto the roof for would have interfered with the buildings overall frame. In order to keep the mooring mast atop the roof, the architects spent thousands of dollars on modifying the framework of the building. Another obstacle for the docking of diribles was the preservation of the safety of the public below. Dirigibles were inflated with highly flammable hydrogen, creating the risk of a massive explosion over New York and endangering countless lives. Lastly, a very important obstacle for the builders was the danger of nature. Violent air currents filled the winds above and around the Empire State Building. Even if a dirigible were strung to the roof, the back of the ship would continue to swivel, causing even more danger to citizens below the building. Those were some obstacles that builders faced and prevented to making of a mooring mast to let dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the frame of the building. In @LOCATION1 @NUM1, it explains that attaching a durgible to the building would add stress to the building's frame. They had to modify the whole frame of the building to a stronger material for the mooring mast to work. One of the biggest obstacles was safety. Most durgibles use hydrogen to power them, and hydrogen is highly flammable. There is a great risk of the dirigibles to catch on fire when flying over such a densely populated area as New York. Another obstacle in the way of the mooring mast was the conditions at the top of the building. At the top of the Empire State Building, there are violent winds that would cause the dirigibles to swivel around the mooring mast. Lastly, An obstacle the builders faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. As explained in @LOCATION1, because of this law, it is illegal to even fly up to the Empire State building. With all of these obstacles, it is clear why the mooring mast wasn't used.	3
During the Building of the Mast, the builders faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The @CAPS1 obstacle was the building itself. By adding the mast lots of stress would be added to the buildings frame and therefore strengthening modifications had to take place before the mast was erected. Another problem was how to tether the Blimp properly since they are generally landed in wide open fields which allowed for wieghts to be place in the front and back of the blimp, they could be secured properly. But since the blimp was going to be attached to a mast, there was no way to secure the back of the blimp and therefore no safe way to tie the blimp down. And finally the last problem builders faced was the how to even get the blimp docked. Since there was such high winds on top of the building there was no feasible way to dock the blimp in less it was perfect weather. Ultimately all those problems made it so the mast could never be used.	3
Te obstacles that the builders of the empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were, the dirigibles would add stress to the frame of the building, The steel frame of the empire State Building would have to be modified and Strengthened to accommodate this situation, over Sixty thousand dollars were needed to moderate the @CAPS1 Of the building, The greatest Obstacle was nature itself because the winds on the top of the building were Constantly Shifting due to violent Air currents. This were some of the obstacles to the builders of the empire state builders to attempt to allow dirigibles dock there.	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted there are many obstacles that the builders stumble across. Many people would have a hard time with creating the docs for the dirigibles for the Empire State Building. One major obstacle that the builders had was ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" Another obstacle that they could come across is that the dirigibles could take to long to fuel up and could cause a jam with other dirigibles. Even though they had this huge obstacle they managed to get their way and they found a way to actually use the dirigibles without any types of problems."	1
"I've been to the Empire state building before, right up to the top. The top was not opened, but several windows were, and our thing that still stays with me is how amazingly windy it is up there. Trying to park a blimp on top of the building would be like trying to park a car in a flood, impossible I was waiting for that factor to come up the whole story, and it finally did. ""The winds on top of the building work constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) In addition to parking the blimp, the passengers would have to get off on a swaying gang-plank, which would not be too fun. Another problem they faced was the law. There was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) I would think that before spending @MONEY1 on an already unrealistic project, they would at least have made sure they were cleared law-wise. When I read this essay, it seems the project was doomed from the start."	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were accidents over densely populated areas, violent air currents constantly shifting, etc.	1
When the Empire State Building was conceived, it was planned as the world's tallest building, taller even than the new Chrysler Building that was being constructed at forty-second  Street. and lexington Avenue in New York. The top of the Empire State Building be more than ornamental, more than a spire or dome or a pyramid. The age of dirigibles. The navy was the leader in the research and development of dirigibles in the United States. the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. Once the archietects had designed the mooring Mast and made changes to the existing plans for the building's skeleton.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when it came to allowing dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast of the building. They first had to do modify this top as a mooring mast and the steel frame of the building had to be modified to accomadate the dirigible. They also had to make a docking and ticketing area, which also costed money. They also had the problem if the dirigible hit something or caught fire by its hydrogen gas. Nature itself was the biggest problem because near the building, winds were violent. There also was a law stating that dirigibles or airships couldn't fly too low over urban areas. If the shell broke, the dirigible could hurt many people.	3
When building a structer as big as the Empire state building and even having it dock a Dirigible to the top of it means there will be challenges to face. In order for It dock. The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. The building would have to be @CAPS1. All these problems must be taken into consideration. This would mean spending more money	1
"In the excerpt ""THE MOORING MAST"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted there were many obstacles that the workers had to face to allow Dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building. One of the many obstacles the workers faced was that they could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building. Also the thousand-foot dirigibles moored at the top of the Empire State building. A single cable tether held the dirigible and it would add stress to the building's frame. The biggest obstacle the workers would face was the mooring mast on top of the building with all winds shifting due to vilent air currents. Another obstacle was the dirigibles were moored in open field and they were weighted down in the back. The problem was they were dangling high above pedestrians on the street. Those are the obstacles the workers faced"	3
During the @DATE1's technology and engineering wasn't quite as advanced. So it's safe to say builders of the Empire State Building had so obstacles. One of them were, how were they going to dock the dirigible safely and keep them stable, they had know idea. They did have the knowledge or technology to do such a thing back then.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in building a mooring mast for dirigibles to dock on. The first obstacle was the inadequate framework on the building itself because with a mooring mast on top, much stress would be added to the building. It is said that ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework,"" which could also be a cost problem. Secondly, building a mooring mast for dirigibles over densely populated New York City would be extremely unsafe. Dirigibles from foreign countries used hydrogen to keep them afloat, and ""hydrogen is highly flammable."" @CAPS1 the Hindenburg disaster of 1937, any fires above heavily populated New York City would have disastrous effects. Next, the worst obstacle the builders faced was the winds that were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS2 a one thousand foot long dirigible to the top of the Empire State Building would be very unsafe because the winds would blow the back of the dirigible, therefore swivelling the ship around the mast. The final obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced in allowing dirigibles to dock there was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" Even if the building of the mast was a success, the law against dirigibles coming too close would prevent the use of it. All these obstacles the builders faced led to the ultimate failure of the mast."	4
Many obstacles approached the builders of the Empire State Building as they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders put reality before theory in order to pick the safest route in docking a dirigible. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly Flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, the builders realize how dangerous it could be putting that risk in such a densely populated area such as New York. The greatest obstacle in being able to dock safely was nature. The winds on top of the Empire State Building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. This would sway the ship around the Mooring @CAPS1, becoming dangerous. The Mooring @CAPS1 project came to a hault in the late 1930s, in order to keep the people of downtown New York City safe.	3
"As the Empire State Building was being built to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there, the workers faced several problems in trying to accomplish this. The first of these obstacles to occurr to the workers was the framework of the building. The building needed to be sturdy enough for the blimp to dock there with the harsh winds constantly pushing the blimb in different directions. Without the proper frame work, it would be extremely dangerous to dock. The next obstacle for docking was the hydrogen gas powering the dirigibles. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and there had been other previous accidents with hydrogen blimps. The workers realized that an accident with exploding blimps would be very dangerous in a such ""densely populated area."" The final obstacle workers faced was the harsh wind currents at that altitude. The winds were so strong, that the blimps could not even get close enough to dock. The workers suggested weighting down the blimp would lead weights, but seeing as the weights ""would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street,"" it ""was neither practical nor safe."" Trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building seemed like a good idea. As time went on the obstacles preventing this became to great and finally shut down the idea. "	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One important issue was the Mooring Mast. According to @ORGANIZATION2, ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" (paragraph @NUM1) Another problem would be the dirigible's load. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" (para. @NUM1) One of the main things the architects forgot to take into consideration was the buildings frame. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation.""(para. @NUM1) The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring @CAPS1"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted their were obstactes the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. One obstacle was the terrible winds. In the excerpt it states how bad the winds are. One dirigible was going to try to dock there was the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles couldn't get close enough because of the very strong winds. The Captain feared the wind would blow the dirigible into a sharp spire on one of the buildings in the area and puncture the dirigible's shell. Another reason was their was already a law that stated against airships flying to low over urban areas. This made it illegal for any dirigible to tie up to the building or even approach it. The last and final obstacle they faced was the fear of crashing. Since most blimps from out of the country used hydrogen rather than helium it was dangerous because hydrogen is very flammable. They heard about the blimp fire in New Jersey they realize how much worse an accident like that would be on such a densely populated area like downtown New York City. And that is the obsacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The huge wind gusts. The Law. And don't forget what happens of the dirigible crashes in the area of New York City."	4
When constructing a building, workers will face tough obstacles, ecspecially when it comes to building the Empire State Building. In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, Al Smith and other architectural builders faced many problems. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building because there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Also, as stated in paragraph @NUM2, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Both of these obstacles were reasons that explain the failure of the mooring mast. The builders were not successful at their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building.	2
"The builders of the Empire state building faced the problem of how to keep the back end of the blimp from swaying in the wind. They were unable to solve this problem, as we see in paragraph @NUM1 where it says: ""Even if the derigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Another problem with docking blimps on the Empire State building was a law that stopped dirigibles from flying too low over populated areas. There is proof of this in paragraph @NUM2 where it says ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" One more problem with mooring dirigibles on the Empire State was that it was hard for pilots to dock their ships on the mooring. An example of this is in paragraph @NUM2 where it says ""The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."""	3
"The obstacles that builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there was they had to build a higher taller building. They also had trouble building it so the workers had to back up the dates. Another obstacle that they had trouble with is the mast. ""The mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose. The workers were also not planning on having these many obstacles they just wanted to do the job."	1
The builders faced many obstacles by building the Empire State Building.One obstacle was that Al Smith had competition with the Chrysler building. Which was forty-six feet taller, than the Empire State. Which led to Smith making the State Building reach the height of 1,250 feet. This leads to another obstacle, he wanted to add a mooring mast at its top for docking the new airships. This didn't work due to lack of landing space. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would cause stress to the buildings frame.In conclusion I just explained the obstacles of the Empire State Building.	1
"In the the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The architects had to acomidate a lot of thing to allow dirigibles to dock at The mooring mast. For example In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says ""The steelframe of the Empire State Building would have to modify and strengthen to accommodate this new situation"". Also in @CAPS1 @NUM2 it says ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was natur itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". These factores and many more where the reason the mooring mast was never poot to use do to the feer of safty and law."	3
"The architect of the new building had three large problems with allowing dirigibles to moor at the top. The first problem was the harsh wind that high up made it extremely difficult to dock the dirigible, ""Fearing that the wind would blow the Dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell, the captain could not even take his hands off the levers"". Second The back of the dirigible would not be tied down. This problem would lead to safety hazards with people getting off of it, ""The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This effect would also make a challenging and dangerous to take off. The last reason would be that it is illegal to fly aircraft sso low over the city already eliminating the possibility of allowing dirigibles to moor on top. Overall, this idea was not thought out well and was hurried so it would be the first building in the world to have a dirigible mooring mast"	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was getting the mooring mast on top of the building. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible mounted at the top of the building... would add stress to the building's frame."" The architects solve this problem by modifying the building's framework. Another problem was wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS1 there was one wire connected to the front, the dirigible would go round and round due to the back being exposed to the winds. This problem was never fixed. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and while some were overcome, the rest weren't, resulting in the ultimate failure of the mooring mast."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several problems in attempting to allow dirig ibles to dock there. One problem was strengthening the building's frame. This was necessary because the added pressure of the dirigible's load and wind  needed to be transmitted all the way down to the foundation. The existing skeleton of the building had to be edited. In fact, these edits cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another problem builders faced was constructing the mast itself. To give it a unique look, architects made the tower out of glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel. They had to place the machinery at the base of this tower. The builders also had to make sure it was accessible to passengers; they made sure luggage and people could go to and from the aircraft. These are two of the challenges builders faced is constructing the Empire State Building. Despite the mast being unused in the present day, the design makes this building one of the most well-known buildings in the world.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow  dirigibles to dock there. The unforeseen safety issues lead to the downfall of the creative use for the building. ""The greatest reason was one of safety. Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1). They saw some of the dangerous affect of hydrogen when the German dirigible the Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire. ""Owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"" (@CAPS1). Other problems that the builders of the building faced were those of mother nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1). This made it hard for the dirigible to dock to the mast safely. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (@CAPS1). Not only was nature playing against the builders, but the law was also. This is almost negligence on the builders part to not realize that they would be breaking a law by constructing this mooring mast. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (@CAPS1). Although the idea for a dirigible mooring mast on top of the empire State building seemed innovative and practical, it was irrelevant due to the many obstacles that obstructed the builders of the Empire State Building."	4
"Through life many people plan to make or build an amazing object but have to acomplish amazing feats in order to do this. In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, @ORGANIZATION1 plans on building the tallest building in the world, but in order to do this he has to defeat many obstacles that you and I may never even think of. On December 11, 1929 the Empire State building was announced the world's tallest building. In making this huge building there were many obstacles. One of the obstacles was allowing dirigibles to dock on the building. ""The greatest obstacle was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This quote shows that it may be unsafe to allow dirigibles to dock due to the winds. Another quote that shows an obstacle of having dirigibles docking at the empire state building is, ""an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas"". This quote shows that it might be illegal to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building. In life we defeat great obstacles but sometimes we cannot defeat the obstacles we face."	2
The Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some obstacles serverely affected the building attemp of the dirigible dock. For instance, The Empire State building is located in a very dense urban location. At the time most dirigibles outside the United States used Hydrogen insted of Helium. The main difference between the two was that Hydrogen is more flamable then Helium. So if the Hydrogen from the dirigible was to ignit then a castistrophic fire would arise. The effects could be as devistating as the Hindenburg which ignited over Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937. The result of the Hindenburg accident forced the architectures and enginners to look for a safer, alternate solution. Explosive gases were not the only problem though. Strong, gustful winds were present at the top of the Empire State Building. If winds were to blow a docking dirigible offcourse then the outcome would be deadly. If the dirigibles caught fire or were blown offcourse will docking then the pedistrians on the ground level could be injured.	3
Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, both during construction and after. During The creation of the mooring mast, the architects had to figure out how to place it on top of the building, because the stress of the load and wind pressure would add stress to the building's frame; instead, they had to transmit the load and pressure to the foundation, modifying and strengthening the steel frame of the building. Builders also wantd the mast to be aesthetically pleasing, needing to make the tower of shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel, rising to a conical roof and illuminated from inside. After the creation Of the mooring mast, more difficulties arose. The safety of the mast was an issue, as the hydrogen-using blimps outside the U.S. were highly flammable, and the German dirigible Hindenburg caught fire as a result. The winds at the top of the building, too, created danger, for they constantly shifted from the violent air currents. Dirigibles would swivel around the mooring mast  Another obstacle was the law forbidding airships from flying too low over urban areas. It would be illegal, therefore, for a dirigible to tie up to the building Or even fly too close to the area.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several challenges in building a dock for dirigibles They would not be able to simply place of mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. The thousand-foot dirigible held by a single cable would make the frame very unsturdy. With the weight of the dirigible and the wind pressure it would have to get transmitted to eleven hundred feet, where the foundation is. The would need to make the frame stronger to with stand the stress which would cost over sixty thousand dollars. In the end the mooring mast never was made because of safety, unpredictable nature and of the law itself. It was unsafe due to the highly flammable dirigibles putting the high populated region in danger. The winds would shift to constantly and violently and be to very difficult to control the dirigible. Also, the law that airships flying too low over urban areas would have made it illegal. Ships would not be able to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. Overall, there were too many obstacles that made it impossible for the engineers to build a mooring mast.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a number of different obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to land there, the most difficult of which were the urban location, money, and the weather. The urban location was an obstacle for the builders because there are laws against airships flying too low over a density populated area and you can't weight the airship down like you could if it was on the ground because the weights would be dangling over the city. The second obstacle was money because it was becoming increasingly expensive to pay for all of the modifications to make the mooring mast the reality. The third and most dangerous obstacle was the weather because wind and other various kinds of storms can control the airship and make it difficult for it to dock at the Empire State Building. Therefore, the obstacles of the urban location, money, and the weather made it virtually impossible for the mooring mast to be constructed.	3
"In the excerpt from ""the mooring Mast""by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building. First, they risk having the dirigibles from places outside the U.S cause a fire. @ORGANIZATION1 states ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1. @NUM1). This would become a big issue because they will run the risk of having other dirigibles pass our highly densed air and cause a fire inadvertently. By building a loading dock they are potentially harming the area of downtown New York. Second another obstacle that would get in the way of building the dock is nature. Builders say ""The wind on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1. @NUM2). Even if they attempt to tie down the dirigibles there is a chance that the back will move around. the idea that the winds would be too much to handle they brought up alternatives like lead weights, but it will become a hazard for pedestrians. Finally there was a law that prevented any airships to fly too low. The article reads ""This law would make it ilegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (@CAPS1. @NUM3). the law made it extremely hard for the builders. The overall idea was to make the airship to land on the building, and this obstacle made it a bigger problem. The idea of a dock vanished, it was too much of a risk to do it. Nevertheless the excerpt by @ORGANIZATION1, ""The Mooring Mast"", describes the challenges put upon builders to build a dock."	4
One of the obstacles they faced were the strong winds. Because of the violent air currents the winds were constantly shifting. The dirigible would constantly be moving around. They couldn't even weigh it down, because there would be people far below them, and they could fall. A second obstacle they faced were the laws against it. There were existing laws about airships flying too low over the city. It was illegal for the airships to even come into the city.           Those two obstacles stop them using the dock for dirigibles.	2
"Based on the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there were, the strong wind currents, the fact that dirigibles were very flammable, and that they were very large and hard to keep still. In paragraph @NUM1 it states that the use of hydrogen rather than helium should have stopped the project. Also in paragraph @NUM2 it states that the biggest obstacle was nature itself. For the reasons above those are some of the obstacles builders faced in attempting to have dirigibles dock there."	2
In the article, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the author talks about the many obstacles builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building. The first obstacle they faced involved dropping the mast onto the buildings flat roof. This task would be easy because using a single cable to lower the mast would add a great deal of stress to the buildings frame. Another problem they faced was nature. The violent winds would cause the dirigible to swivel around the mast. The greatest obstacle involved safety. Lots of blimps outside of the @LOCATION2 use highly flammable helium, rather than hydrogen. Helium makes the dirigibles more likely to cause an explosion, and risk many lives of the people of New York. Lastly, existing laws in New York @CAPS1 the balloons to dock. Airships were flying dangerously close over urban areas. Many obstacles were faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building that were mentioned in the article, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted.	3
"In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it describes many ways the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. It was hard enough for the builders to build the Empire State Building but on top of that they must make a mooring mast at the top. Four term governor of New York Al Smith said it best, ""One set of engineers here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement and the Government people in Washington are figuring out some safe way of mooring airships to this mast."" Another obstacle builders faced was having a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, only held by a single cable tether, was simply not safe. With this being said, the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened, costing over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications. No matter how the builders built the Empire State Building they still face nature as an obstacle. These are examples builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many challenges in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was that putting the mast on the empire state building then having a giant dirigible moor on to it would cause stress on the building and could pull the mast right off causing it to weigh the dirigible down to the people and buildings it could cause death and destruction. Another obstacle was timing the construction right. They dont want the mast to be done when the whole building is only on floor @NUM1 out of 102.	2
Not everyone can invent new ways of transportation for the future. Al Smith learned that the hard way when he hired a team of builders to install landing docks for dirigibles on the Empire State Building. The team ran into numerous obstacles that caused problems and derailed there progress. One problem that arised was that the weight of the dirigible would add stress to the buildings frame, which was only reenforced by steel. Another issue was safety. Dirigibles from outside the United States ran on hydrogen instead of helium, which is highly flammable. The most important problem was nature. Wind made maneuvering difficult, and violent current could be potentially fatal to passengers and pedestrians. They also cannot fly too close to the ground in urban, populated areas. Although the idea of the Empire State Building being used as an airdock was innovative, it was not practical or well thought out.	4
Based on the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, the building of the Empire State Building had many obstacles the builders had to overcome. Some practical obstacles in building this landmark was the law against airships flying low, the complete dirigible mooring equipment wasn't installed, and greatest obstacle of all was nature surrounding the Empire State Building.The first obstacle builders had to overcome is the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The problem with flying too low is the dirigibles couldn't even try to attempt to reach the building. In December 1930, one dirigable approached the mast, but couldn't get close enough fearing the forceful winds would cause it to run into the sharp spires. As if that wasn't a problem, the dirigible mooring equipment wasn't even installed which meant the newspapers being delivered would have to be caught by dangling ropes from the dirigable, which could get tiring. The greatest obstacle of all was nature. Winds at the top of the building were really strong due to the violent wind currents, which could cause the dirigable to keep moving, even when tied up to the mast.Overall, the nature of weather was the huge obstacle.	3
"The concept of a docking mast for the Empire State Building met with failure because of a variety of reasons. One of the major problems was that it was directly over the downtown area of New York City which is very densely populated. After the Hindenburg fire in New Jersey, ""the owners... realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place over a densely populated area.""The second major obstacle was controlling a dirigible in the often violent winds at the top of the tower. It was the practice at the time to control the back of the dirigible with lead weights but over a civilian area this was ""neither practical nor safe.""Another important reason why the builders faced obstacles was the already existing law that prohibited low-flying aircraft over cities. Despite the two dirigibles that approached the mooring mast, neither managed to allow passengers to disembark, and the idea was ""quietly dropped"" as it should have been. There were too many obstacles for it to succeed."	3
In the Mooring Mast, by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on it. To dock, a moor mast was necessary. One could not simply Place one on the empire state building because it would add stress to the buildings frame. Also, the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would add stress, which would force more modifications to the frame costing upwards of sixty thousand dollars. The mooring mast was not completed mainly because of safety. After the combustion of the Hindenburg, owners of the Empire State Building realized a disaster it would cause if it hapened in New York. Nature was also an obstacle, with constantly changing violent air currents threatening to move the dirigible, which could not be anchored down as it could be in a field. It was a risk not worth taking. Lastly, a law passed earlier prevented dirigibles from even approaching buildings on such elevation over urban areas. These were the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	4
The obstacles the builders faced were very dangerous and unsafe. They were the difference between them failing or succeeding. One of the problems was violent air currents. The passage said that winds towards the top of the building were always shifting and they easily could have been able to swivel the dirigible. If this happened then they never would have been able to land.The next obstacle they faced was hovering over pedestrians. It just wasn't an option after the safety of the pedestrians was in danger. I was also a law that airships weren't allowed to fly that low over urban areas. So it made it illegal for them to tie up to the building or even come close to the area. It was just too dangerous to attempt.	3
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, because they had to come up with a way for a mooring mast to land on the Building's roof, because a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable can add stress to the building's frame. The Building's frame would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the situation. That wasnt the only obstacles money was one of the problems as well, ""Over sixty thousand dollar's worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework."" That's a lot of money that is being used just for a frame of a building. Safety was an obstacle as well, ""The greatest  rason was one of safety Most dirigibles from outside the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" I think safety was the greatest obstacles they had, because what if a hydrogen dirigible was to blow up on top of the Empire Building. think of all the people that could get hurt because they dont call New York the city that never sleeps because people stay up at night in there house. They call it the city that never sleep's because it's alway's moving, there's alway's people on the streets and downtown New York is alway's full of people."	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast,"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main problem was that, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This could be a serious problem if the dirigible burst into flames and fire rained down on, ""a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Another obstacle to the creation of the mooring mast was the wind, which, ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The dirigibles would have to be, ""weighted down with lead weights... where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street."" This would be, ""neither practical nor safe."" because the weights could fall and kill people. The final obstacle for building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" The builders of the mooring mast faced many problems, ""that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."""	4
The builders faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it. One problem is the docking a dirigible to the roof would add too much stress on the frame. Another is having all the flammable gases above a highly populated area. Also there was already a law that prohibited dirigibles from flying low over urban areas. Lastly the wind constantly changing direction would make the ship to unstable.	2
The obsticles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there where the weather, and the Building Frame. The @CAPS1 obsticle was the wind because the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violant air currents. The wind was an obsticle because of a big gust of wind came it could not building materials or even workers off the building. A second obsticle was the building Frame because the dirigible was so big that at the top of the building being held by a single cable, that would add stress to the frame and would make the building unsteady. These are two examples of the obstacles the builders working on the empire state building @ORGANIZATION1 in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	2
"In the excerpt ""The mooring mast"" by marcia Amidon Lüsted. The @CAPS1 faced many obstacles. one of the obstacles was that the Back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Another obstacles was that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. These were some of the obstacels the @CAPS1 faced."	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a couple of obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles the builders had was with the stress of the dirigibles load as said in the excerpt in paragraph @NUM1.             Another obstacle they had with landing the dirigibles to dock was that they had to modify and strengthened the steel frame of the Empire State Building. They needed to do that so it can accommodate this new situation, which is to get dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow the dirigibles to land there. The most prominent obstacle was that posed by nature, which was that there was always a constant change in wind direction, so the dirigibles would not be able to land safely. The architects thought that heavy weights could be put onto the ends of the blimps, but they then realized that that would not be safe for pedestrians walking below Also, the building had to be a ceetain number of feet high, in order for the airship height rule to be eliminated. If it was not an something exploded, the heavily populated city of New York would be in grave danger. In theory, the mast for dirigibles was a revolutionary idea, but in reality it just wouldn't work.	3
The Empire State Building was and is the tallest building to ever be built. To make it the tallest building Architects had to design the Mooring Mast. In building this mast there were many obstacles to overcome, but even with those obstacles it was still finished.The Mooring Mast was needed because without it the Empire State Building would not be the tallest in the world. To make the Mooring Mast work the builders had to overcome some obstacles. One of the main obstacles was to add on the Mast they would have to attach steal from the Mast all the way down to the foundation. Another was After designing the Mast they had to change the original plans for the building.	1
"The builders faced many obstacles when trying to build the empire state building. First of all for it to be a @NUM1 ft building it would have to have a very strong base to support it and they had to reinforce the base too to be able to mount the mooring mast on top. They also faced issues with the strong air currents that flowed above New York. None of the dirigibles were able to dock because of the high current. The mooring mast also placed stress on the frame. ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" this proves proves how much difficulty the builders were going to have with the construction of the Empire state building."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their efforts to make it possible for dirigibles to dock on the mast. One problem was safety. Some dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, which is, according to the article, ""highly flammable."" @CAPS1 a dirigible catch fire right over a very populated area would be dangerous. Nature was another factor. ""Violent air currents"" made it difficult to maneuver a dirigible and bring it close enough to the mast to dock. Yet even if these frustrating conditions were not extant, it would still have been impossible for a dirigible to moor on the mast, because it was illegal. A law prohibited ""airships [from] flying too low over urban areas,"" which included dirigibles. These obstacles were overlooked in the plans to create the Empire State Building."	4
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, it focuses on the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Laws made it impossible for the original purpose of the mast, ""An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."". Some dirigibles did try, but due to wind and safety reasons the idea was dropped. The safety of all human beings took part in the construction, ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire...the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area..."". When dealing with other countries you have to take into account that they may not use the safest things. Mother Nature can be a funny thing, ""The winds on top of the building were constely shifting..."". With the wind changing at a moment's notice it can be hard for a ship to land. When building something always be prepared for obstacles."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced lots of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem or obsacle they faced was putting a mooring mast on top of the building. They could not just drop a mooring mast on top, because it would cause stress towards the building that would spread to the foundation. The building's steel frame would have to be modified for the building to be able to withstand the mooring mast alone. Then the builders noticed that a great amount of dirigibles, from outside of the United States, were filled with hydrogen and not helium. The problem was that hydrogen is highly flammable. This was shown in Lakehurst, New Jersey where a German dirigible got into an accident and was destroyed by fire, on May 6, 1937. The builders went back and thought about how New York is a highly populated place and what kind of bad effect it would have made on the civilians. The greatest obstacle that the builders faced was the nature of it. There were strong winds with a mooring mast would be so the dirigibles would be force to swivel and move in every direction. When the air crafts were moored in open fields they were weighed down with lead weights, but on the Empire State building they would be dangling high above civilians and pedestrians on the street which caused great a harm for the public.	4
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obsticles attempting to allow dirigibles also known as blimps to dock there. some of these obstacles faced by the builders were that the architecs could not drop a mooring mast on the flat roof of the Empire State Building. Attaching a thousand-foot dirigible to the top of the building's frame ""would add stress to the building's frame."" @CAPS1 in paragraph @NUM1. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly @NUM2 feet below"". Also it was very unsafe allowing the highly flamable dirigible to coast over a highly populated area. Lastly the article states ""the greatest obsticle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" The ship would ""swivel"" around the mooring mast. Dirigibles should be landing in open fields, where they could not dangle above pedestrians."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building ran into some obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.  Because of all the modifications they would need to make in order to have a mooring mast would cost over sixty thousand dollars.  It was such an expensive modification because they ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the"" flat roof on the Empire State Building.  The stress a thousand-foot dirigible would put on the building's frame would be too much, this was their obstacle.  The builders needed to strengthen and modify the steel frame of the Empire State Building in order to hold the dirigibles as desired."	2
four main obstacles prevented dirigibles from ever docking at the Empire State Building. The first was that a much more complex mooring mast would have to be installed on top of the Empire State Building, a very different mast than the regular masts found in open field docking areas. When a dirigible would dock on the mast cause great stress to the building's frame, a problem that could be solved by increasing the strength of the steel frame. Another problem was that a dirigible was made of hydrogen and could easily catch fire and explode. Engineers saw this would cause large problems over a densly populated area like, New York City. Once the mast was built a new problem arised, even if the dirigible could dock the intense winds could make the back end of the dirigible move violently, or cause an airship to be unable to dock, like the inncodent with the Los Angeles. Nor could they use lead weights to weigh down the ballon since they would be a danger to civilians. Lastly, a law against airships flying too low over urban areas could have prevented docking. These reasons made it impossible for a ship to ever moor on top of the Empire state Building, although two ships got very close.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One such obstacle was the amount of modifications that needed to be made to the building's framework, as stated in paragraph @NUM1. The other obstacle they faced was the fact that most countries outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable, this made it impossible for dirigibles to stop in a densely populated area such as downtown New York, as stated in paragraph @NUM2. A last obstacle they faced was existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas, making it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. These are the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building.	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. Wind caused a great problem in the docking of the dirigibles ""The body of the dirigible could swing in the breeze"" (para 6). The swinging of the dirigibles body would cause pulling on the building that the building's current frame wouldn't be able to support. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below"" (para @NUM1). The builders of the Empire State Building now had to strengthen and modify the building's frame to suit the stress of the dirigibles' loads Another obstacle that the builders of the building faced was the framing of the mast. The roof had to be completed before the mast's framing could take place. The workers had to work for another two monts after the building was already complete due to Al Smith's idea of allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. The builders worked hard to suit the new building for the docking of dirigibles. Unfortunately their work was for nothing."	3
"There were some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the violent wind currents that made the dirigibles rear swivel, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around."" A second obstacle was a law preventing airships from flying too low over urban areas, which made the mast nearly useless. A third obstacle was that foreign dirigibles used hydrogen which is highly flammable. After the dirigible called ""The Hindenburg"" was destroyed, ""the owners realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as New York. Those are the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
The wind was a huge issue when building the empire state building. The building was so high off the ground that the top was not as stable. If they used dirigibles on the Empire State building it would be dangerous because the weights would be dangling high in the air over all of the pedestrians heads. That plan was not smart or safe. The purpose to build it higher was just so it could be the tallest building, there was really no good reasons for it.	2
"Builders faced many obstacles such as safety, nature, flammability and law in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the mast. The first problem is ""the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it's purpose."" The dirigibles also, use hydrogen not helium, which is very flammable. The Hindenburg, a German dirigible was destroyed by fire in New Jersey and, ""the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse [it] could have been if it [happened] over densely populated area such as New York. The violent air currents also played a role, the back of the ship would swivel around and around. When dirigibles moored in landing fields they would be weighted down with lead weights, which would be dangerous for pedestrians on the street. Also, there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. There was no way dirigibles would be able to dock at the mast"	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building in New York faced many obstacles while attempting to allowed dirigibles to dock. One obstacle of the builders was creating the Empire State Building with the strength to hold the dirigible, swaying in the wind, without the building falling over. The weight of the dirigible would have to be transferred to the bottom of the building which was almost eleven hundred feet below. The largest obstacle, however, was holding the dirigible in place while it was docked atop the building. The winds were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" and would make the dirigible fly wildly around the top of the building (@CAPS1 paragraph @NUM1). The building would never be used for its transportational all purpose because of the dangers and obstacles of the mooring mast and dirigibles."	3
The builders faced many obstacles while building the mooring mast on the Empire State Building. One thing was just simply the building would not have been strong enough to hold the dirigibles weight. Due to that fact that, they had to strengthen all the framework on the entire building. They had to put in sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications to its framework. Also having the right equipment on the dirigibles served as a problem. The dirigibles didn't have the right docking tools to dock on this newly built mooring mast. The back of the dirigibles could also be swung back and forth when docked which also served as a issue When it came to docking. Another problem was most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen which was highly flammable and they didn't want something that could easily catch fire near the building like that	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, one was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (@NUM1) This shows that docking dirigibles can be harmful as some buildings and many people can be negatively affected. The large business district is too densely populated to allow such a thing. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@NUM2) This obstacle builders faced brought up that lives are yet again in danger, not to mention very expensive damage that allowing dirigibles can cause. Another obstacle builders faced was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@NUM3) All of these obstacles that the builders faced were very important and paved the way for the idea of dirigibles to be docked attop of the Empire State Building to be disarmed. The dangers involved were too significance and the top of the building now much safer purposes."	3
Architects had to face many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire State building. The very first problem architects faced was adding a mooring mast to the building because they could not Simply just drop one on, they had to go back and re-support the whole skeleton of the building. Another problem is if the dirigible were to fail like the hindenburg it would plument in a ball of fire to a very populated city down below. The greatest problems architects had to face was nature itself There were violent winds constantly if a dirigible had been tethered down it would move violently and go @CAPS1 down on pedestrians down below, which is too much of a risk for the architects to take.	3
The architects had few problems. As said in @LOCATION1, stress from the Dirigibles Load was too much for The building. They would @CAPS1 over sixty thousand Dollars of modifications. Other Then That They @CAPS2 had to redesign And then make it.	2
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were numerous, but the main obstacles consisted of the danger that dirigibles posed, nature, and an existing law against letting airships fly too low over the suburban areas. According to the reading, the danger that dirigibles posed was that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is considered highly flammable"". This danger was emphasized by the German dirigible Hindenburg when it was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. Nature was also a great obstacle because of the ""winds on top of the building"" that ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". Because of these winds, it was almost impossible to dock a dirigible on the mooring mast without it moving around crazily. The last obstacle, the law, ""would make it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. Unless the law was revoked, the mooring mast would never be able to work. However, the obstacle that the builders faced when designing the actual mast itself were that ""the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened"" because ""the stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to building's foundation"" which turned out to be ""over sixty thousand dollars worth modifications."""	4
"There were three main obstacles in building a dock for dirigibles on top of the Empire State Building. The first problem was safety. Most dirigibles from outside of the U.S. were flammable because they ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" When the Hindenburg was destroyed, they realized that it would have been much worse over a highly populated city. Another problem was nature. Winds were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" and the back of the dirigible would ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The third problem was that there was a law in place. As Lüsted says, ""[there] was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.""the building would have to be much taller in order for the ships to even approach it."	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, The builders had to face many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building. Though this idea was not successful, it took them a long time to realize the causes and effects of docking dirigibles. over sixty thousand dallors were spent on modifications for the building. after fixing the structure of the building the builders found out the weather had interfered. Because of the high winds the dirigibles were constantly shift. There wasn't a safe way to control shifting. Their was also a law against airships flying too low over populated cities. another reason was, dirigibles were very dangerous and highly flammable. Trying to build a mooring mast was not a good idea.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were to build a structure with a stable enough top to be able to hold a dirigible. Once the Chrysler Building became taller than the Empire State Building, however, the idea of dirigibles slowly faded away, unnoticed. For example, in paragraph @NUM1, Al Smith said he would put a top or hat on the building to make it taller. The only problem is that instead of dirigibles docking there, they would just sit next to the point of the building. If Smith wasnt so competitive, the blimps would have a nice platform to dock on.	1
In constructing and building the empire State building to make it allowable for dirigables to dock there took alot of thinking on the builders' part. First they had to see what the building could handle and try to calculate what it held so it wouldn't fall. Then they had to figure out the safety of the passengers and pedestrians, a way to get in and out as safe and easy as possible. Despite all the work the builders' put into crafting Al Smith's idea, the chances just weren't realistic at all to the public and the plan had to be shut down. Although it makes a good story and is a crutial learning block for constructers to be.	1
"Throughout the construction of the Empire State Building the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the building: one obstacle the builders encountered was the fact that when a dirigible was attached to the building by a single cable, it would add to much stress to the buildings framework because of a combination of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure atop the massive @DATE1 foot structure. To solve this, the build had to do over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the frame of the building. Another obstacle encountered was the safety of docking the dirigible. One problem is that many dirigibles out of the United States used hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, instead of helium. This made the owners realize how much worse an accident, but what happened to the Hindenburg, could be over such a densely populated area. Another safety problem was the high wind speeds. even when a dirigible would be docked to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would violently swing around because of the strong winds at @DATE1 feet. Also, usually dirigibles would be able to be weighted down in a field with lead weights to prevent movement, but ""using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" @CAPS1 with these two reasons, there was already a law against airships height in urban areas and by talking a dirigible at the building would break it. As seen by this paragraph there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"In the excerpt the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacles was that the building with a mooring mast on the top of it attached by one cable to a dirigible ""would add stress to the buildings frame."" Another obstacle was to fix the buildings structure so it could with stand the mast."	2
"In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. According to the excerpt, the author says ""The greatest reason was one of safety"". The dirigible used hydrogen that was highly flameable and they could not risk it in such a densely populated area. Another obstacle was the wind and nature itself. In the excerpt it said ""The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting do to violent air currents"" This created another safety problem. The wind would sway the dirigible back and forth, and if they used weights to weigh the back down, it would be dangerous hanging above pedestrians. The author explained how ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose."" This being because it was just not practical nor safe."	3
The builders of the Empire State Building planned to mount a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State Building, but they overlooked the potential problems in there design. A very big problem they faced was safety. After the Hindenburg, a German dirigible, blew up in flames in New Jersey, they realized it could have been a bigger problem if it blew up in New York. Nature also posed a problem. Air currents could violently sway the dirigible, on top of the building. And finally, they could not attempt this because it illegal. Ships were not allowed to fly too low over urban areas due to an existing law. These all made it much harder to put a mast on the Empire State Building.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the docking itself, nature and the overall construction of these dirigibles. There was all so an existing law against these air ships.Docking the dirigibles to the top off the Empire State Building would add a great amount of stress to the building. The builders would have to spend sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications to the building overall. The greatest safety issue was the construction of these balloons from outside the United States. They used hydrogen which was highly flammable, there was one incident on May 6, 1937 where the German dirigibles caught on fire. This was known as the Hindenburg's accident. Builders knew this can risk to the densely populated area of New York. But the greatest obstacle was nature itself. When the dirigibles would dock violent air currents would cause the back of the airship to swivel round and round the Mooring Mast. The law against airships were they were not allowed to fly low around urban areas.	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many obstacles the builders are faced with, while in the process of building a dirigibles dock on top of the Empire State Building. One obstacle was the hight of the building. That ment more frame work, more material, more safety hazards, all because of the buildings hight. Another obstacle was @ORGANIZATION3 safety. After already building a more secure building, the workers realized that, ""A densely populated area such as downtown New York"", wouldn't be the best place to be if there ever was a accident, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"". Nature played a great part in a obstacle because it would always be unpredictable. The winds would also wip the backend of the dirigible so it would be unsafe and  unsturdy for passengers. These are some of the obstacles builders had to face while building the famous mooring mast."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles that prevented dirigibles from docking there. One obstacle was the original design of the Empire State Building. It needed to be changed entirely to accommodate landing dirigibles: ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steelframe of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation"" (@NUM1). Over sixty thousand dollars was spent on the renovations for the redesigned, chrome-nickel stainless steel tower. Another obstacle that the builders faced was the level of safety. Thousands of lives could have been lost if a dirigible accident occurred in New York City: ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"" (@NUM2). The biggest obstacle by far was the elements. Dirigibles were easily swayed in times of bad weather: ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (@NUM3). This was very unsafe because of the dense population of people in New York City. If a dirigible swiveled around the mooring mast too much, it could hit another building or crash. The people behind the construction of the Empire State Building faced many difficulties, therefore the mooring mast was never used."	4
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The excerpt ""The Mooring @CAPS1"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains some problems architect Al Smith experienced when constructing the world's tallest building in the 1920s. For example, ""The greasest issues was one of safety."" Safety was a major obstacle because most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If a dirigible was to explode high above this densely populated area many people would be killed or seriously injured. Another obstacle faced in this attempt was ""nature itself."" Nature was one of many major problems to allow a dirigible to dock. For example, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The winds would shift the ship and it would be very difficult to land on the mooring mast. The other practical problem builders faced was ""a law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The entire idea was eventually dropped by the late 1930s. Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the creation of ""The Mooring Mast."""	4
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, one of the obstacles they faced were that ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This is significant because it would be dangerous for foreign dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, especially in a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Another obstacle they faced was nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due violent air currents."" This suggests that a dirigible would swivel around and around and they could be weighted down with lead weights, using these at the Empire State Building, high above pedestrians on the street, would be impractical and unsafe. Next, there was also ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This is important because it is another obstacle that would ultimately make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. Also, ""in December 1930, the U.S Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" This shows that another obstacle they may have faced was losing confidence and directly observing that their plan would not work. The various obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there show that it would have been a difficult task to complete."	4
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there were many factors in the way of dirigibles docking at the mooring mast. When the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" went up in flames in New Jersey the owners of the Empire State building realized quote how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place about a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" (paragraph @NUM1). Another obstacle was the existing law against low-flying airships in urban areas. This law makes is so that it is ""illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (paragraph @NUM2). The greatest obstacle of all however, was mother nature. The winds that high in the sky were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the back of the ship to swivel around and would be unsafe to passengers and pedestrians on the street below. All of these factors contributed to the project never being fulfilled in New York."	4
When the builders were almost ready to place the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, big problems became apparent to them that caused complications in docking dirigibles. One factor was that by law, dirigibles couldn't be that low above the city, as they could accidently  crash into a building and fall onto the crowds below. Another factor was the air currents around the tall buildings, especially the Empire State Building at a height of 1,250 feet. Even if the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the winds would violently rock it, and could crash against the building and fall to the streets below. A recent factor arose when the Hindenburg dirigible burst into flames from the hydrogen in it when it flew over New Jersey on May 6, 1937. Nobody wanted to risk that happening over New York City, either. So because of flammable hydrogen, violent air currents, and by law, the builders had complications when building the mooring mast to allow dirigibles to land there.	4
Some obstacles were that there was many sharp rods on surrounding buildings and so if it touched one it could pop. Another is if the wind is blowing it was hard/unsafe for the dirigibles to be tied to the building.	2
"@ORGANIZATION2's article The Mooring Mast"", explains the many problems with using the peak of the Empire State Building to dock dirigibles. First of all, dirigibles that travelled internationally were filled with Hydrogen, a very flammable gas. Having ano"	3
"Many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the architect could not simply drop a mooring on top of the building's Flat roof. Like it @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 @NUM1. Also ""rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless stell tower that would be eliminated from inside. With a step-back to imitate the overall shape of the building itself."" It @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 @NUM2."	1
"Based on the excerpt ""The @CAPS1 Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, There were many obstacles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1. To allow dirigibles to dock their. One of their main obstacles the builders @ORGANIZATION1 was the frame work. They had to design it so the building could bear the stress of the dirigible. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and wind Pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"". In order to make it work they would use diffrent Steel. Another obstacle the builder @ORGANIZATION1 would be safety. Winds and hydrogen were main focuses. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen, hydrogen is highly flammable, The winds on top of the building were. Constantly Shifting due to violent air currents."" They would also be careful of pedestrians ""they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street"". Those are just two examples of what the builders of the Empire State Building @ORGANIZATION1."	3
There were a handful of problems that came along with the idea of docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building.  This idea was hardly practical, for safety reasons mostly.  If a dirigible docked there on one cable, extreme tension would be put on the building.  Also, if an international dirigible were to dock filled with very flammable hydrogen and catch fire, the results would be catostrophic.The task of actually docking would be a problem as well.  With such a high altitude, winds were very strong.  Nothing could prevent the dirigibles from swinging around the building.  In other situations, dirigibles would be weighted down with lead weights.  However, if these were to fall, they would land in the busy city streets of New York.  Lastly, there was a law against low flying air ships, completely dismissing the idea of docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building.	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, the wind was to fast for the builders at that altitude. This shows that they didn't want any dirigibles to fall on any stores below. Second, they didn't finish the building because the building couldn't hold all the weight that they wanted to put on top of it. Third, hydrogen is highly flammable and could catch on fire easily. In brief, there were many problems that made the Empire State Building a bad idea to dock a dirigible.	2
"The first obstacle is being able to get the passengers on and off due to the height they are already at. Also as stated in paragraph @NUM1 ""the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" @CAPS1 therefore the power of the wind is a huge obstacle. Another obstacle stated in paragraph @NUM1 ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against air ships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even approach the area."" @CAPS1 the law was another obstacle they had to face."	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The obstacle wer't successful using the mooring mast and the nature itself. But after the celebrating they were disappointed because the dirigibles wasn't able to dock there. After that another dirigible the @CAPS1 year blimp Columbia, attempted a Publicity stunt where it would fly up and deliver a bundle of news papers to the Empire State Building. when the stunt wan't success the blimp could be use for transportation in the Future.	1
"There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast. One obstacle they faced was nature itself. It says in the exerpt that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around."" This could have led to major accidents if the dirigibles were allowed to dock here. Another obstacle they faced was that these dirigibles could not fly to low over urban cities. It says in the excerpt that ""these was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" But before the idea was even dropped, two dirigibles attempted to reach the building. The first one could not reach the building because of forceful winds. The second airship attempted a stunt to drop off a bundle of news papers. They didn't have the right equipment so they had to have a worker catch the bundle of papers that were attached by a rope. These obstacles were very important to be construction of the mast because it's probably saved the lifes not only the aviators but the people that lived in urban cities below."	3
Builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of them was not being able to just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A dirigible attached the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would stress the building frame. Its weight and air pressure would weaken the foundation of the Empire State Building. They had to make sixty thousand dollars worth modifications to the frame work so it could be strong enough to with stand the weight of the dirigibles. Another problem the mooring mast not fulfilling its purpose, which should have been thought about before it was built; safety. Many countries outside the U.S used hydrogen instead of helium, hydrogen is really flammable. There was an inccident where a blimp was destroyed in a fire due to hydrogen in their balloon. The biggest challenge was the wind above the building. The wind was constantly shifting because of violent air currents. If the blimp was tethered to the mooring mast, the back would turn on the mooring mast. Blimps use weights to land in open fields but couldn't over the Building because weights dangling over pedstrians wasn't safe. Builders had troubles attempting to allow blimps to dock there.	3
"During the attemp in building a docking station for dirigibles on top of the Empire State Building there were many obstacles that made this idea less and less possible. One huge problem was due to the building's foundation. A swinging blimp, which can be up to a thousand feet in length, on top of the building would add a huge amount of stress. This meant extra money would need to be dumped into the strengthening of the foundation and framework, in order to support a huge zeppelin on the mooring mast. Since the building tops out at 1,250 feet in altitude, fierce air currents rip through the top of the building. This caused impossible docking conditions because the blimp could hit the building and pop. Due to the flammability of hydrogen this dangerous eruption could wreck havoc on the densely populated city below. Refering to the Hindenburg explosion in Lakehurst, @CAPS1 1937, ""The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if taken place above a densely populated area."" Due to the mainly safety reasons the Docking station for dirigibles was never built."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacle while building it, some of those obstacles being saftey, the technology they had, and, the planning that they put into building the mooring mast. There problems with the safety of the mooring mast was that, dirigibles that were from countries other than the @LOCATION1 use hydrogen instead of helium. Hidrogen is very flammable so the risk of a fire in the dirigible was very great. Also another problem the builders faced with safety was that the winds on top of the building would be much too great to succesfully land a dirigible. The problems that the builders faced with technology was that they didn't have the technology to succesfully land a @DATE1 ft dirigible at the top of a tower using a single cable because it would add stress to the buildings frame, and the stress from the wind pressure would be hazardous to the buildings frame. The obstacles that the builders faced with the planning of the mooring mast was that they didn't plan well enough and that they should have seen that the mast would be a failure from the start.	3
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2. The builders of the Empire State Building faced certain obstacles in attempting to prohibit dirigibles to dock. The three main obstacles the builders faced were their concern was safety, nature itself, and the existing laws of airships. Safety is a major factor when constructing. The builders had the chance of using hydrogen rather than helium. Risking the fact of how highly flammable hydrogen is. Later realizing how bad it could of been if what happened to the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" on May 6, 1937. Could of happened to them taking place above a ""densely populated"" area like New York City. Nature itself was also an obstacle, because the winds on top were shifting constantly. This could potentially cause the back of the dirigible to ""swivel"" around, aswell around the mooring mast. The final obatoce was that of the ""existing laws against aircrafts flying too low over urban areas."" They feared that the winds would blow the dirigibles into sharp spires of other structures, and puncture the dirigible's shell. In two failed attemps they desided to cancel the construction of the ""Mooring Mast"" due to ""the unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height that made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear."""	4
"The builders faced many problems in their attempts to allow a dirigible to land at the Empire State Building. One of the main reasons was safety, ""most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" I would have been to large of a risk to allow such a dirigible over New York. Another problem was the air currents, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" A final problem was a law ""against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law would forever prohibit any airship to dock with the mast, or even approach the city to attempt to dock."	3
Many years ago, people sought a new and more practical mode of transportation. Upon being introduced to the dirigible (or blimp), it was believed that this small aircraft could be the transportation of the future. Plans were made for a mast to be constructed atop the Empire State building located in New York City. The project was soon underway, but not without obstacles along the way. Hazards in nature, construction of the Empire State Building, and differences between American and @CAPS1 dirigibles hindered the success of the mooring mast.             It is a well-known fact that nature can be unpredictable and incredibly harsh. This makes all transportation, especially transportation by air, difficult and dangerous. In the construction of the mooring mast, violent wind currents were noted. It would be nearly impossible to allow a dirigible to dock atop the Empire State Building on a very windy day because only the front portion of the aircraft would be secure. This endangers pedestrians.       Secondly, it was noted that the Empire State Building's roof required improvements in order for dirigibles to dock there. Upon being secured by one cable tether, the weight of the dirigible would press on the building. This could potentially be hazardous, and cost about @MONEY1 to fix.            Lastly, dirigibles from other countries would not be able to fly to the United States. American dirigibles are filled with helium, which made it very light and easy to fly. @CAPS1 models used hydrogen, which happens to be incredibly flammable. After a German dirigible was damaged beyond repair by fire, it was determined that these models could not be used.             Ultimately, the dangers associated with using dirigibles for travel outweighed the benefits. It was determined that too many accidents could because by dirigibles, so the Empire State Building had to be used another way.	4
The obstacles the builders had to go through to allow dirigibles to dock there was by a electrical winch. By tying it to the mast, The wind pressure. Need to be in a open field and weighed down in the back with lead wieghts. Try to tie the building but it was illiogal so they coun't do it. Because of the force ful winds the also couldn't tie it on to the building. The dirilage mooring equiment was never stalled in either. Dirilgables and their passengers had quietly dissappeared and didn't become transportantion instead had given away to airplanes.	2
"From what seemed to be a very possible way to make the Empire State Building famous to relizing how hard it was going to be the builders of the Empire State Building faced several obsticals in allowing dirigibles to dock. These problems included added Stress to the buildings frame. Therefore the foundation would have to be motified and Strengthened to accomodate this added stress."" Not only did the builders have to worry about structural but the winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violet air currents"" After all of the obsticlas the builders finally realized that this ""dream"" was impossible to overcome"	2
"The three insurmountable obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building were all a matter of public safety. They should have reallized that ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen"" and that they were thus prone to exploding. In an urban city like New York, a thousand foot dirigible that would cover four blocks would cause immense casualties. Secondly, violent air currents cause the winds at the top of the Empire State Building to be constantly shifting. The mooring mast would not work in that environment unless the back of the dirigible were weighted down with lead weights. The lead weights ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street [would be] neither practical nor safe"". Thirdly the importance of public safety from aircraft had already been reallized in the form of a law banning airships from flying too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". Docking in an urban setting proved too dangerous to risk."	3
"In the excerpt, ' The Mooring Mast' I Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the constructors of the empire state building faced many obstacles while trying to create a docking place on such a tall building. Obstacles a law against airships flying to low and nature itself made it hard to create such a place in paragraph @NUM1, it says ' The other practical Reason why dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."" There was alReady a strong argument on building the mast but Al Smith ignored it. This law made it illigal for ship to ever tie up to the building. In paragraph @NUM2, the author tells why nature was a problem she says ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" Already the @CAPS1 is showing signs of the danger ahead if they pursued the idea any farther. Drigibles moored in open landing fields and could be weighed down by lead weights. However, using these in the Empire State Building where they would be dangling in the air wasn't practical nor safe. All those Reasons contribute to the Reason why docking wasn't allowed."	3
"The empire State Building builders faced  different obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders first had to learn about the mooring lines. They ""consulted with experts, taking tours of the equipment and mooring operations ""to learn more about them first hand. The builders also had to worry about the frame of the Empire State Building. The frame ""would have to be modified and strengthened to accomodate this new situation."" This meant the builders would have to go back and work on the frame again. Attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building caused the builders to face different obstacles."	1
"From the idea of building the Empire State Building to attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders faced different obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Al Smith thought it was a good idea to add a mooring mast so dirigibles could dock there for several hours. However, in order to allow dirigibles to dock there, builders had to transmit all the stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure to the building's foundation because a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building could add stress to the frame of the building. One of the greatest obstacle builders faced was the wind or nature. The strength of the wind were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. For safety reason, most dirigibles weren't safe because they mostly used hydrogen and hydrogen is flammable. Another obstacle they faced was an existing law that didn't allow airships to fly too low over urban areas. Irving Clavan said, ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring air ships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear."" Due to the obstacles the builders faced, the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles disappeared."	4
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles and allowing dirigibles to dock there. Some of these obstacles included the fact that there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This made it impossible for a ship to be tied to the building because it would be illegal. Also, in line three of paragraph thirteen, it is stated that it would have been unsafe because many dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen, being very flammable would put people not only inside of the dirigibles, but everyone near and around it, in great danger. Another obstacle mentioned in the excerpt, perhaps the largest one, was the violent air currents causing wind at the top of the building to always be shifting, making it nearly impossible and unsafe for them to land there. Overall, the excerpt has made it clear that the only sensible way for dirigibles to land would be in an open field."	4
The builders had many obstacles to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. During the @DATE1's dirigibles were a big thing in transportation. The problem was that there wasn't many landing areas for the dirigibles to land because they were so big. So Al Smith came up with an idea to make a landing dock on top of the Empire State Building for the dirigibles. The government had to go over Al Smith's plan to make sure it was safe and would work. Al Smith's plan was to have the dirigibles hang onto the building by a single tether wire. It wouldnt be alowed because the dirigibles hanging from the wire would cause to much stress to the building. It was also not possible to have dirigibles to land on the Empire State building because the hydrogen and the dirigibles would be a safety hazard. The hydrogen in the dirigibles could catch on fire and burn the Empire State building down.	3
"The owners of the Empire State Building faced quite a few obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast. One of the first obsticles they faced was having to modify and strengthen the steal frame.This was essential in order for the building to be able to support the mooring mast where the dirigibles were supposed to dock. Another great concern was safety, they feared an accident similar to the Hindenburg and thought of ""how much worse the accident could have been (paragraph @NUM1) if it had occurred in a city like New York. The greatest obstacle they faced however was nature. The violent air currents caused the wind to constantly shift which would cause the docked aircrafts to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (paragraph @NUM2). A law which prevented airships from flying too low also made this dream a great fear to overcome. This prohibited them from not only docking there, but even approaching the area. Although this dream may have seemed possible to begin with, the builders should have realized the many obstacles making their dreams quite impossible."	4
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were. The used of hydrogen rather than helium because hydrogen is highly flammable. The obstacles of it was nature itself. There's always strong and dangerous winds on top of the building. So it makes it possible for the dirigible to swivel around which is dangerous. Dirigibles moored in the open landing fields could be weighed down but, using these at the Empire State Building can dangling high above pedestrians which is not safe. Another reason is the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. If the dirigible blows the sharp spires of the building can puncture the dirigible's shell. These are the reasons and obstacles why its hard to attempt the dock of the dirigibles.	4
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there. One example is one paragraph @NUM1 ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."	1
The builders of the empire state building face a lot of problems on trying to make a dock for dirigibles.  The builders could not just simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof.  They had to think about how the dirigible @LOCATION2 fair, they had to strengten the foundation of the building and a landing area for the dirigible.  Dirigibles were able to dock him by means of an electric winch The problem with this is they were in Downtown New York and New York city was a densely populated area.  A dirigible floating in the middle of a largely populated area would be very unsafe.  Also a dirigible is made of hydrogen and helium and hydrogen is very flammable.  So if an accident happens and a dirigible was destroyed, people below would be dead.  Another obstacle was the law, Airships cannot fly too low over urban areas.  The greatest obsticle of them all though was nature itself The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents.  This idea sounded great at first, but too many things could go wrong.	4
When the Empire State Building was being constructed, the main idea was to create a mooring mast for dirigibles (blimps) to dock there. However, being the first of its kind, this idea came with many obstacles. Before constructing the mast, they had to stabilize the building with steel framework and other modifications as stated in paragraph nine. Dirigibles are very long, and the previous structure would not be enough to support it with the high blowing winds. Safety was also an issue with adding the mooring mast. Blimps from outside the United States were filled with hydrogen, which is extremely flammable, instead of helium. If something were to happen, and the blimp caught fire, that could threaten the safety of cilvians. After the mast was constructed, the high speed winds were an obstacle yet again, and they wouldn't even allow dirigibles to come close to the building. Despite how unique the idea of letting dirigibles dock on the Empire State Building was, there were many obstacles getting in the way of making the idea successful.	3
"While in the process of building the @ORGANIZATION1 encountered many obstacles. His first obstacle was the threat of title for worlds tallest building being taken away by the Chrysler Building. When the architect added a 185 foot spiral to the top of the building. Al Smith had to come up with an innovative way to add height to the building. This is when the idea of adding a mooring mast to the top of the building was composed and the real problems arose. When building this mooring mast, the docking of dirigibles would add intense stress to the framework of the building. ""The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. (paragraph @NUM1) ""The architecs would add @NUM2 dollers worth of modifications to the framework to allow it to be stable. After the building was able to accomodate dirigibles saftey issues would be encountered. First off, dirigibles are filled with hydrogen which is extremely flammable. After the disaster in New Jersey they did not want to take a chance. Next, with the wind above the building the air currents would cause violent shifts of the dirigibles. The addition of weights, used in other situations, was out of the question because they would be dangling high above pedestrians. Lastly their is an existing that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas. Which this would clearly violat. With all these obstacles to overcome the idea of docking dirigibles on this mast was shortly discarded."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was installing the mooring mast, the architects couldn't simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof because the weight of the blimp moored at the top held by a single cable tether would add stress to the frame. The stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would transmit all the way to the building's foundation. The builders would have to modify and strengthen to build to accommodate the new situation. Another obstacle they faced was the cost, because it would take over sixty thousand dollar's to make the proper modifications to the building's framework. Also safety was another major obstacle, they would have to make people were going to be safe, because Most dirigible from other countrie's used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The area's were densely populated an accident over the city would be much worse. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, but winds on the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast the back would swivel around. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down by weights, but using these would be dangerous dangling that high above pedestrians. Many obstacles were practical reasons why they couldn't moor at the Empire State Building. There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas and make it illegal for ships to tie up to the building. So long these obstacles were faced in attempting to allow docking.	4
"In the excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. For example, ""the lack of a suitable landing area."" Architects cannot just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's roof. The building would have had an extreme amount of pressure on it. In addition, along with the pressure, the dirigibles would ""add stress to the building's frame."" The builders needed to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the Empire State Building. This also cost a great deal of money. Furthermore, ""the greatest reason was safety."" The slightest mistake in building the mast, could affect every person in the building. In order to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders needed to be aware of all the citizens surrounding the building. All in all, these obstacles determined the fate of the mast."	3
"In ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, it explains how the developing idea of landing a dirigible on the Empire State Building was eventually rejected due to many obstacles. The first design flaw that the engineers @CAPS2 was the stress the dirigible would add to the building's frame. A mass that size attached to the building by a single cable tether would be @CAPS1 in the building's foundation. The greatest obstacle the engineers @CAPS2 in allowing dirigibles to dock was safety. With the use of hydrogen, the dirigibles are highly flammable. This would have created a dangerous situation ove a ""densely populated area such as downtown New York"". The final obstacle the builders @CAPS2 was the wind. The winds at that height were extremely strong. Chapter @NUM1 it says, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This would create a dangerous situation for the ship's passengers. In ""The Mooring Mast"", it described how it would be nearly impossible to land dirigibles atop the Empire State Building."	4
Based on excerpt there were a few obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced. One of the obstacles were that there was a lack of suitable landing area. The second obstacle was that in order to have a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building they would have to spend sixty thousand dollars just to accommodate the new station. Another obstacle being dirigibles could not moor or at the Empire State Building due to the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. There is three obstacles that made it hard for dirigibles to take over the future. That is why we now have air planes.	3
"There were many obstacles facing the builders attempting to allow dirgibles to dock on the mast of the Empire State Building. One reason was that attaching a humongous blimp to the peak of the building would add excessive strain to it. Lusted explains: ""A thousand-foot dirgible moored at the top of the building... would add stress to the building's frame."" @CAPS1, much revision to the structure's frame was needed. Another obstacle was nature. Wind currents would push the dirigible around and it would be very unsafe. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirgible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This would make it unsafe for passengers to get on or off the blimp. There was also a law in effect that prevented ""airships flying too low over urban areas."" These obstacles prevented the builders from safely devising a way to dock the dirigibles."	3
Building docks for dirigibles to land on the Empire State Building was a real challenge for Al Smith. The Steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be strengthened because the dirigible's load and wind pressure would put too much stress on the building's frame. The dirigibles were highly flammable and that put a huge risk in safety for the workers in the building and the people on the street. The dirigible's movements could not be monitored due to violent air currents at the top of the building. The main reason why the docks for dirigibles did not work was because of the law against airships. The law did not allow airships fly low over urban areas. The invention of docks for dirigibles on the Empire State Building was unrealistic and unsafe.	3
"This dream of the aviation pioneers was travel by dirigible was a dream that would be hard-to-reach. The architects and engineers that attempted to establish a mooring mast had high hopes, including meeting with the president. ""Held by a single cable tether"" would not be stable enough to mount the dirigible because the building frame would be stress to too much. What if they were to do this, the Empire State Building have to be modified and strengthened to adapt to the new placement of the dirigible. But instead the architects assigned a ""shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower"" and then designed the mooring mast. However, before the mooring mast could be complete, the roof had to be completed before the mooring mast could fit in its position most of portly the main problem with the mooring mast was nature. Nature could easily mess up the mooring mast, due to winds, which would cause the shifting of the dirigible. Also due to a ""law against airships flying too low"" the dirigible would break that law as well. The whole attempt to make a mooring mast slowly deteriorated because of all the obstacles."	4
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle being the safety of the people below on the streets. In the excerpt in paragraph @NUM1 it clearly states that it was dangerous because of the dirigible caught fire it would be ""Much worse if it had taken place above a densely populated area."" Another obstacle would be that there is a law that is stated in paragraph @NUM2 that says that there is ""An existing law against air ships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. The greatest obstacle though was nature itself as stated in paragraph @NUM3. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS1 the wind would make the dirigible swivel around and around the mooring mast. An idea came into plan that said ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights,"" @CAPS1 why not at the Empire State Building? Safety is the reason because the weight on the building would be dangling above people on the street which would be unsafe. Then flyers who approached the building would fear that the wind would blow the dirigible on to the sharp spires of other buildings in the area which would be unsafe."	4
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are that dirigible use different gases to stay aloft. As stated in paragraph 6, The first obstacle the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building is ""To their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area."" From paragraph @NUM1 it states that if a mooring mast was to be droped to the roof of the building and a single cable tether would add stress to the building and pressure would cause them having to modify the building and framework, which cost over sixty thousand dollars. In other words most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Also from paragraph @NUM2 the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds would cause constantly shifting from air current. ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."	3
"In the construction of the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles they faced was having to make changes to the steel frame of the building in order to have the strength to ""accommodate the new situation. In paragraph @NUM1 it @CAPS2 that ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework"", @CAPS1 this was a costly project as well. The excerpt also @CAPS2 that there were problems with getting the dirigible to stay in place without moving. The dirigible would be in a very windy area, and there was only one chord attached to the building which would leave the back moving around all over the place."	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"" the builders faced the obstacles of safety, nature, and law in attempting to dock dirigibles atop the empire state building. First, it would not be safe. In the excerpt it stated, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen, rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" In a densely populated area such as New York, they couldn't risk having a dirigible burst into the flames and cause massive chaos. Second, nature would not agree. In the excerpt it stated, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Because of the winds in New York, the dirigible would not be secured well, and many dirigibles would be destroyed instead of held in place. Lastly, there was the reason of the law. It the excerpt it explained that, ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This was the most important reason of all. They could've taken risks on the other theories, but on this one they had no choice. They wouldn't be able to fight the law to allow dirigibles to fly that low. To conclude, the obstacles faced by the builders of safety, nature, and law could not be overcome to get the mast up and working."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. However, this task was not so easy. The builders of the Empire State Building could not just drop a mooring mast on its flat roof because they had to consider how the size of the dirigibles were affected. ""The architects could not simile drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame"" (paragraph @NUM1). Also, it would be difficult to transmit the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure."" The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation"" (paragraph @NUM1). The cost to improve the building's framework was also an obstacle. ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework"" (paragraph @NUM1)."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" it shows that it was not easy making the dirigibles a safe docking station.A struggle that was faced during this time was that dirigibles from other countries were made with hydrogen which is highly flammable. This meant that if it was exposed to fire it would instantly catch on fire over the world's most populated city.Another problem that was faced with the amount of wind at the top of the Empire building. With all this wind it was hard for pilots of dirigibles to steer. The wind would toss them around, pilots couldnt take their hands off the geers.These were just two of the many struggles pilots and architects had to face when docking a dirigibles at a mast."	2
The builders of the empire state building faced alot of trouble and confusion in the attempt to let allow dirigibles to dock there. This had never been done before @CAPS1 they didnt know what to expect, except for a mooring mast. At first Al smith and his builders thought this was an amazing idea, technology of the future, but things werent that easy. They faced complications with the @ORGANIZATION1 with there research on dirigibles. It was a complicated process because it was @CAPS1 high up in the air, and there was alot of practicing involved. Next was the alterations made to the building, the building wasnt strong enough to hold the dirigible @CAPS1 they make @MONEY1 worth of changes. They finally realized this was an unsafe idea, and it wouldnt be good with the highly flamable hielium, @CAPS1 they were back to square 1. Then the government gave them a law that said no airships flying to low at or over urban areas, wich would make it illegal for the dirigibles to tie up to the empire state building. And the top floors were turned into soda fountain.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many promblems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most of there problem they encountered when designing the mast. They found that they could not just drop a mooring mast on top of the building at a thousand feet. The building was not strong enough, so they had to strengthen the building with a new steel frame. Then the builders also faced safety issues. At a thousand feet the air currents were extremely violant. By the end of the construction it was quickly noticed that dirigibles could not land on the Empire State Building.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced constructing a correct mooring mast for the zepplins, and concerning the safety of the people in the city. They also had to account for the weather and how it may have affected the blimps.      The builders had to add on more floors to the building and strengthen it's base so that the mast could work properly and stay stable. then they ruled out using weights to anchor the blimps in place because the people on the street below. Also the chemicals in the blimp were highly flamable and put people around at risk. Sometimes the winds were too strong for the blimps to get close enough without being punctured. The builders were faced with impossible obstacles to overcome	3
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was a huge challenge for them to face. For example, mother nature itself was one of they're huge challenges they would mostly face. At the top of the Empire State Building, winds were constantly shifting and shifting due to violent air currents. As soon as an dirigible would hook up to the building, workers would have to find a way to keep they're airship from crashing into the building from the rusty winds at the top of the building. Therefore, if a dirigible- crashed anywhere on the ground it would burst into an inferno because the inside of a dirigible is filled with hydrogen and helium, so if it did crashed it will involve heat and fire that would be coming from the sparks it prevents as it crashes on the ground.	2
"The obstacles the builders of the empire State Building faced, was the lack of a suitable landing area. They will ""allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refuel, or service, and to let passengers off and on"". Also ""Dirigibles were docked by which means of an winch, @CAPS1 thats what they did and faced to dock there."	1
"In the @ORGANIZATION1 there where many problems that where faced durring the build. The Way that this all @CAPS1 was when the archetect Al Smith wanted to make a building like no other, A building that was taller than the new chrysler building and one that was futureistic. The first problem that they ran into was, what was a building of this size going to be used for? There where many differen't ideas but the one that came to Al @CAPS2 @CAPS3 was transportation. This building could be used for a new kind of transportation where people could board a Dirigible ""also known as a blimp"" at the very top of the building. the next problem was if this would be safe to do because they couldn't have a big problem in the middle of New York. The idea went to Washington to be reviewed and ended up not being safe enough. Al Smith didn't care, His building was the tallest."	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem they faced was the issue of safety. Most dirigibles were fueled by hydrogen, which was highly flammable. This danger was shown by the Hindenburg disaster in New Jersey, and the owners of the building did not want to face a similar accident in a place as densely populated as New York. Another obstacle that arose was the fact that the violent wind at such an altitude would toss the back of the ship back and forth. This would not only be a technical hassle as it would also make it nearly impossible to get passengers in and out of the dirigible, and make it a frightening experience for anyone inside the ship as well. In addition, the ships could not be weighed down with lead weights as it would be too risky to have them dangling high above pedestrians. A final implication was that if dirigibles moored at the Empire State building, it would violate an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Because of this, docking a ship there would be illegal which obviously way not helpful to the project. In the end, these obstacles were the key reasons that the endeavor failed. 	4
"In the passage ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, she talked about the obstacles facest when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. The three main obstacles was the safety, mother nature and existing laws. One of the greatest obstacle was because of safety. Lüsted states, ""... Never fulfilled its purpose... The greatest reason was one safety: Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Because hydrogen is highly flammable there would be no way that would be safe. The building could catch of fire and be a danger for all. Secondly, nature itself would have an affect on the dirigibles. Lüsted states, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The violent air currents couldnt allow dirigibles to be on the Empire State Building because you can't have dirigibles with violent air currents. It isnt safe. Lastly, laws was an obstacle the builders had to face: Lüsted's knowledge is, ""The other practical lesson why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The law was a huge obstacle for the builders building the dirigibles. Because you can't build something with it being against the law. Because of safety, mother nature and laws, thats what stop the builders from building the dirigibles."	3
"The builders faced many obstacles while trying to add a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. As stated in paragraph fourteen, nature was the biggest obstacle the builders faced. The ""violent air currents"" would cause dirigibles to move around the mooring mast, even if it was tethered. Another obstacle faced, was that the architects couldn't just add a mooring mast to the top of the building; over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications were made to the building's framework. Lastly, as stated in paragraph thirteen, most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium, even though it was flammable. When the German dirigible, Hindenburg, went up in flames, the owners of the building realized the dangers of this."	4
"There are many obstacles that the builders faced in order to allow dirigibles to dock atop the Empire State Building. One obstacle was safety. Foreign countries used highly flammable gases to fill their dirigibles with. According to the passage ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire state building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Another obstacle was whether. The winds on top of the building were always shifting because of the violent air currents. For example, U.S. Navy dirigible, Los Angeles couldn't tie up to the mast because of the wind, which might have resulted in a puncture in the shell of the dirigible. One more obstacle was the law banning airships from flying too low over urban areas. According to the passage ""This law would make it illegal to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area""... Because of the many obstacles that the builders faced, the Empire State building was unable to fulfill its original purpose, but is still considered a worldwide landmark today."	4
When building the empire state Building, the workers faced a few problems. One was how to make it @CAPS1, because the architect building the chrysler building had raised the total height, making it the largest building in the world. Al Smith, former governor of new york, said they were going to beat it by putting a mooring mast for the dirigibles. Another obstacle was @CAPS2 the mast to the top of the frame. It could not be dropped on, so sixty thousand dollars worth of maintenance had to be done to the frame. A third problem they had was tying up the dirigibles, violent winds could turn the Blimp around, possibly puncturing it. After the Hindenburg atrocity, the people in charge would not let blimps dock at the Building, for fear of endangering the Public. Thus, the mast was never used.	3
"People involved in the design and construction of the Empire State Building were faced with a few major obstacles in attempting to transform the idea of docking dirigibles to reality. One of the biggest complications was that if a massive dirigible was tied to the building by a ""cable tether"" then stress would be put on the building's frame. The builders and architects had to find a way to allow the stress to travel down the foundation of the building. They spent over @MONEY1 modifying the framework (From paragraph @NUM1). In paragraph @NUM2 we read that the architects and builders worked through the obstacle of storage by putting the winches and control machinery in the base of the shaft of the ""conical roof""."	2
Although the builders dream of using the Empire State Building as a dock for dirigibles was a brilliant one, the builders came across many problems. One problem was the law against flying too low over urban areas like New York City. Also, nature played a huge part in why their plan didnt work. The violent wind currents throughout the city affected the plan. Most dirigibles landed in open fields where their back end could be weighted down. This would be impossible docked to the building causing the dirigible to sway around possibly hitting other buildings. The builders didn't take into consideration how densely populated New York City is. If anything ever happened to a docked dirigible like the Hindenburg many people would be affected. This is why the idea always stayed a dream.	3
The obstical's the builder's took on Were difficult, and time @CAPS1. In Way's Such as the onley benefit's the Empire State building relly passed Was being the tallest building in the world. They also attempted to @CAPS2 a dirigible's docking base for future transportation @CAPS3 filed to do @CAPS4 during certain law's and technicall difficulties. @CAPS4 obsticles such as adding extra body work to the building's structure was not even neccarasary.Those are the obsticle's the builder's faced and as well as @CAPS5 time and @CAPS6.	1
"While constructing the mast to docs dirigibles to the Empire State Building, there were many obstacles that led to the end of this project. An inevitable obstacle was that most dirigibles were filled with extremely flamable hydrogen, that could be detrimental to the condensed New York City streets as well as the Empire State Building, if exploded. Also, wind on top of the building was out of there control, and with the violent wind currents, docking would be highly dangerous. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Although it would be possible to strap lead weights to the back end of the blimp, it would be unpractical and highly dangerous to the public. Dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building even if the docking station was completed because of an existing law that forbids airships flying too low over urban areas. ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear. The obstacles that stood before the Empire State Building's mast were to great to optimistically believe the project could be finished. It was postponed and became obsolete with the invention of airplanes."	4
@ORGANIZATION1 on the excerpt from The Mooring mast by Marcia Amidon LÃ¼sted there were many obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obsticle the builders faced was safety. Parag	4
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Starting with putting a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (paragraph @NUM1). They had to modify the steel frame of the building. They had to do this all the way from the building's foundation, ""which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" (paragraph @NUM1). This would cost more than sixty thousand dollars. Once the mooring mast was built the builders still encountered more problems. Dirigibles coming in from outside the @LOCATION2 ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (paragraph @NUM3). So the flammable dirigibles were too dangerous to fly over such a populated place as New York City. Also the winds at the top of the Empire State Building were too strong. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (paragraph @NUM4). In the end the problems the builders faced were too many, and unfixable, so the docking of dirigibles in the Empire State Building was no more."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the Building. One of the greatest reasons was saftey, most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is also highly flammable. Another obstacle that arose was nature, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. If the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would sway violently with the wind. Other dirigibles moored in open fields added lead wights on the back of them so they could not move. But there is no where for those weights to be attached to at the top of the Empire State Building. A practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building. Builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempt to moor a dirigible	4
The builder of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of these problems, (that was noticed after building of the Mooring Mast), was how difficult it would be to keep a blimp steady and attached to something without pulling the building over on itself. Another issue was safety and one thing that was unsafe about it was that most dirigibles from other countries use hydrogen instead of helium, which is very flammable. One more reason was because of high air currents that would blow the back part of the ship around uncontrollably.	2
The main problem they had with the docking of the dirigibles was it would have to be really safe. To hold the aircraft down they would have to use lead weights. I weights fell from the top of the building in such a dense, populated area it would be very dangerous. Also when the owners of the Empire State got notice of the hindenburg blowing up they felt uneasy. Even if the aircraft was floating moored to the top of the building the wind would whip it around making it even more unsafe. The idea was good but not probable to be safe.	2
"There were many issues that made it impossible to use the Mast of the Empire State Building as a dock for dirigibles. One was that many foreign dirigibles were filled with hydrogen a very flammable gas. If one caught fire like the Hindenburg, it would cause many trageties because it would be above people's homes. For the same reason, there was  a law against dirigibles flying too low over cities.""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area.""@CAPS1 the safety risks for people below, there was the wind causing a problem that the blimp could not even dock correctly. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship with swivel around."" One of the attempts proved that it would be tricky to land. The Los Angeles attempted to reach the building, but retired the thought because of the wind. The captain feared he could fly into one of the spires of a tall building and the dirigible could be punctured. ""[He] could not even take his hands off the control lever."""	3
In the article The Mooring Mast by @PERSON1 @CAPS1, she describes the difficulties of designing the Mast for Dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State building. Al Smith the mayor of New York City at the time of construction of the Empire State building came up with the idea to add a mooring mast to the top of the building. He wanted to make New York city a technologically advanced city. After the mast was proposed desingners discovered problems with mast being installed. They discovered that they would have to modify the steel frame because if a thousand- foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would transimite stress all the way down the frame to the foundation. due to the load and wind pressure. The wind speeds on the top of the building would blow the dirigible around in the wind, this is very unsafe being close to a building.	2
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were @CAPS1. In @CAPS2 @NUM1 it reads that ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to  building's frame work."" This @CAPS3 that the designings of the Mast was going to take some time. Another obstacle almost called the end of the mooring mast. In @CAPS2 @NUM2 Architects @CAPS5 that, "" The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its @CAPS6 pose, for reasons that a pparent befrore it was even constructed.' The greates reason was one safety: Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION3 used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable."" @CAPS7 this was such a huge @CAPS8 the owners thought of the densely populated area of New York and how People could get hurt."	3
The Empire State Building faced @CAPS1 difficulties to have the dirigibles to dock there. Wind pressure from the dirigibles messed up the buildings frame work. To accommodate the situation they paid Over Sixty thousand dollars to strengthen the buildings framework.	1
"Based on the excerpt the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some of the obstacles were safty factors and nature its self.Safty was a big obstacle in this plan for a morning mast because the dirigibles use hydrogen to float these big ships. Hydrogen is highly flammable and the owners of the Empire State Building relized how bad it would be if the dirigibles were to cech of fire over a highly populated city like New York. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, May 6, 1937, the owners relized how much worse that accident could have been in New York.""The greatest obstacle was nature. Humans couldn't control wind and ontop of the building they were constantly changeing makeing it hard to dock. ""The winds ontop of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The mooring mast couldn't be done."	3
The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose for reasons such as, safety, nature, and the laws. The greatest reason was safety because most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable. The German dirigible, Hindenburg, was destroyed by Fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937. This accident could have been much worse if it happened in a densely populated area like downtown New York. Nature was the biggest obsticle to get around because of the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. This would cause the back of the ship to swivel around. This is not good because it would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street. Finally, there are laws against airships flying too low over urban areas. That law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. In conclusion, because of these three major reasons, the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose.	3
"In this excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced, in attempting dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle they faced, was that they lacked a suitable landing area. Because of this, they came up with the idea of having the passengers get on and off the dirigible by walking down a gangplank to an open observation platform. Another obstacle they faced, was that ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" Another main obstacle that the builders faced was that ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" In the end, the idea of the mooring mast, was a failure. The builders didnt think about potential problems that could occur. For example, nature itself, the law against airships flying too low over urban areas, and even fires, due to the gas (hydrogen) used in some dirigibles."	3
While the Empire State Building was being built the builders faced many obstacles. Al Smith, the one in charge of this project, had a goal to build the tallest building. Right of the bat, the first problem occurred. The Chrysler Building had a secret 185-foot spire inside, and made this building now @DATE2, 46 ft taller then the Empire State Building. The first sign of hope shinned apon Al when he saw an opportunity for Empire State Building. Dirigibles needed a landing area. and the mooring mast does the trick. The mast, added to the top of the building, allows dirigibles to anchor For awhile to refuel and to have service done. This design took a while to develop + soon became bad. Saftey was a factor. Most dirigibles, from outside of the @LOCATION2. were run on hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and can cause tragic accedents. For example on May 6, 1937 German dirigible was destroyed by fire in New Jersey. If something like that would happen in a heavily populated area like @CAPS1 then there would be a problem. These were a couple of the many obstacles faced while building the Empire State Building.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The obstacles included safety issues, nature and the law. Safety issues was a problem because in the excerpt it says, ""Most dirigibles from outside United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This explains why they couldn't do it because of one of the dirigibles would explode in downtown New York it would cause severe damage and losses of life because it's a populated area. Another obstacle was nature. Nature played it's role because ""the winds on top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents."" This would have made the back of the dirigibles swivel around which was either practical or safe. The last obstacle was that there was a law about airships flying to low over urban areas. This would have made it illegal to tie a ship to the Empire State Building. These obstacles had made the builders face problems to allow dirigibles to land on the Empire State Building."	3
The obstacles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 people faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is they would have to have different make new Routes that was yet to get made and existing transatlantic Routes.	0
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was trying to moor a dirigible at the top without stressing the building too much. It says, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation."" This means they planned to deal with this problem by spreading this stress all the way to the foundation of the building. Another obstacle that was faced was trying to keep the dirigibles from moving and swaying too much, once they were moored. It says, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" It was impossible to keep the dirigibles from moving because the wind was so violent. The last problem was that even if they could get a dirigible to moor to the building, it was illegal to fly the airships that low in an urban area. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" In conclusion, all of these obstacles that the builders faced led to the final result of being unsuccessful."	4
"In building the empire state building, the builders faced many obstacles in the process of letting dirigibles moor at the mooring mast. In the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the author gives us examples as to what was difficult. One obstacle in the docking of dirigibles to the mast was safety for the people inside. The article says, ""The greatest reason was one of safety."" It then goes on to say ""Most dirigibles from out of the U.S used Hydrogen, Hydrogen is highly flammable."" another reason was nature. The author states ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would lead to unscure departure of passengers. The article also says ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel"" which shows unsafe air conditions. These are two obstacles that made landing at the mooring mast very difficult and soon made it impossible. "	3
"Based on the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State building faced the obstacles of the use of hydrogen in dirigibles in which is highly flammable, nature itself, and an existing law in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.It stated in paragraph @NUM1 of the excerpt, most dirigibles outside the united state used hydrogen, which is very flammable. Realizing that this kind of happening above an outrageously populated area such as New York City would be extremely dangerous. To explicate. ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident would have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"".However, the greatest obstale was nature itself. At the top of the building, the winds were constantly shifting. which was certainly not safe. For example, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The builders soon realized that this issue could unfortunately, not be resolved.Lastly, a more apparent obsticle that the builders faced was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for the ships to even approach the area.The obstacles of the use of hydrogen, nature itself, and an existing law, made it impossible for Al Smith's plan to become realistic."	3
"Obstacles such as nature, safety issues, and weight as well as length of the dirigible were obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building faced in trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it. They were very hopeful in the idea of having the Empire State building, ""equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation pioneers,"" until they saw the risks. First was nature itself, winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. This means that the dirigible, which was made to be, ""lighter than air,"" would swivel around the mooring mass. and have no weight support to keep it down. Sometimes, the winds might even prevent the dirigible to get close enough like in @DATE1 when a U.S. Navy dirigible named Los Angeles approached the mooring mass but couldn't get close enough. Another issue with safety. It was stated that outside of the U.S., most dirigibles use hydrogen instead of helium, which was used in the U.S. Hydrogen is highly flammable which is a very dangerous asset when there are millions of people down below. When the owners of the Empire State Building heard about the German dirigible the Hindenburg that was destroyed by fire, they imagined that situation over New York which was highly populated. Lastly was the size and weight of the dirigible itself. The dirigible (@NUM1 ft) held by single cable would add stress to the building's frame. In order to prevent this, they would have to modify the frame. These obstacles plus many more showed that that this idea was, ""destined to never fulfill its purpose."""	4
The builders of the Empire State building face a couple challenges in trying to build a dock for dirigibles on it. One main problem was that it was clearly unsafe because dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and they didn't want to have another accident like the Hindenburg. They realized that if an accident like that had happened in a densely populated area such as New York, it would have been a thousand times worse.	2
"How safe is it to have a large dirigible @CAPS1 above thousands of civilians? The builders had many problems to face will attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock at the empire state building. For one thing the mast was not yet even said to be ready in this excerpt ""to fix a mast at such a height made it desireable to postponed to a later date."" The landing gear was also not yet ready or sure to work. The idea of using dirigibles over such a crowded area was not even said to be relevantly smart."	1
"There were Several obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One reason was one of sefty. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If an accident would occur above a densely populated area, such as New York, it would be catastrophic. Another obsticle was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Another obsticle the builders had was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."	3
"Complex. A building is a complex structure that cannot be easily tampered with, and still be considered safe. That is the major problem the builders had. It isn't easy you ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). They had to strengthen the structure and that took ""sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications"" (¶ @NUM1). Plus the builders had to design a nice plan for the mast, to make it look nice. They even had to use glass which is a harder material to work with. Although the greatest obstacle the builders had was allowing the dirigible to dock. One it was filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable, and if it ever blew up it would have killed a lot of people in the city. However ""the greatest obstacle to successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"" (¶@NUM3). This was mentioned in @CAPS1 @NUM3 and is the main reason why the idea failed. The winds were always constantly shifting, which caused the back to swivel and become unsafe. Weights on the back would have made it even more dangerous, because they could fall. Lastly laws prevented flight so close to the ground. But even so many other blimps tried, like ""Columbia"" and ""Los Angeles"", and found it was too hard to fly that close to building and dock as well. The idea had many holes in it. "	4
"The first main obsticale that the builders faced was the fact that blimps even though they have propellers and rudders are still at the mercy of the wind. And since the wind on top of the building was described as ""Constantly shifting due to violen air currents"" (¶ @NUM1) it would be impossible to keep the blimps stable while it was moored on the Empire state building. Just docking the blimp onto the building was an impossible feet, the only blimp that even tried to dock onto the Empire state building, the naval dirigible Los Angeles could not get close enough to the building to get the mooring lines on because they where ""Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of the othe building in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell."" (¶ @NUM2) causing the dirigible to fall onto the city.The second main obsticale was the public safety aspect of trying to moore a dirigible on the Empire State building There were too many things that could go wrong. The blimp could explode like the Hindenburg, or could run into one of the spires on the surrounding buildings and plumet to the ground potentially killing or severely injuring hundreds of people. That is why trying to dock a dirigible on the Empire State building was an impractical idea."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem they faced was that the dirigibles moored to the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame, so the stress of the dirigibles load would have to be transmitted all the way to the foundation. Another problem they faced was that most dirigibles outside the U.S. used highly flammable hydrogen so it would be very bad if one was destroyed by fire above densely populated downtown New York. Also there was already a law against airships flying too low over urban areas, so it would be illegal for a ship to even approach the area.	2
The @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1 many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was the law. There was a law in place preventing airships flying too low over urban cities. This made it illegal for airships to tie up to the building or even come close to the area. Another isue they had was that dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, not helium Hydrogen is extremely flammable and it would be catastrophic if a dirigible blew up over New York City. The last problem they @ORGANIZATION1 was the wind. At the top of the building the winds shifted due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tied up the back end would move around. They got the idea to use lead weights on the back but it would not be safe over all those people.	3
"The main problem the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to let dirigibles to dock were the wind conditions and how close dirigibles were to the building. The wind conditions made it hard for the builders to figure out how dirigibles would dock there. The winds near the top of the building were, ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) The other problem the builders faced was how close dirigibles came to the building. In one case, as a test run, the Los Angeles tried to approach the mast but it, ""could not get close enough to tie up..."". Even though the building was not what it was suppose to be it is still one of the greatest of all time."	3
Throughout the excerpt, on trying to build the empire state building; the builders faced a lot of hard attempts trying to build the dock for the dirigibles. One major problem is that the dirigible was not able to land on the buildings flat roof. This was stated in paragraph @NUM1 of the excerpt. Another problem is that they had to design elevators and stairs for the passengers to travel to the top of the building to be able to get on the dirigible. Along with designing stairs they had to be able to build 102 floors just for the area where the blimp would land. This can be supported in paragraph 11 and @NUM2 of the reading. After trying to build the big building, the builders ran into major safety concers towards the end of the making. The builders did not think they would run into any problems or think of the safety.	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of these obstacles was that the ""stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" This meant that they would have to spend over @MONEY1 to create a frame that would be able to stand that amount of pressure. Another obstacle they were facing was that most dirigibles had hydrogen in them, which is very flammable. They were afraid that if the balloon caught on fire, it would fall down to densely populated city below. And there was nothing that they could do to change this. A third obstacle they were facing was that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This meant that the dirigible be constantly moving around while passangers tried to get on and off, which would not be safe. These are some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced."	4
"The builders' expectations were set too high and they faced many obstacles they had not foreseen. Safety was a big issue in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The dirigibles ""used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable."" With a highly populated city like New York, it would have been easy for a fire to begin. Another obstacle of allowing dirigibles to dock was nature. The wind at times could be too powerful. As said the reading, ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" These threatening winds would have made it impossible for the dirigibles to land and serve as safe transportation.The last obstacle was that it was illegal. The had @CAPS1 been a law against it. The reading states, ""this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" With this law, there was not even a glimpse of hope that this plan could be successful."	4
The builders faced many obstacles in building a moor to dock dirigibles. It was unsafe for a dirigible to be so close to the ground, especially in New York. The air currents from high above made the machine harder to operate near buildings. Another factor that contributed to the danger was that dirigibles are highly flammable due to the hydrogen which made most of them stay afloat then. Many blimps attempted to dock at the Empire State building, none of which were successful.	2
"Based on the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" various obstacles were faced in the challenge of docking dirigibles atop the Empire State Building's mooring mast. The first challenge the builders faced was that of nature. ""The greatest obstacle ...was nature itself."" (@NUM1) The violent winds that high up would cause the dirigible to swing unpredictably, making it unsafe. Another problem arose when the ""Hindenburg"" caught fire in New Jersey. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (@NUM2) If a hydrogen-filled dirigible would catch fire while at the Empire State Building, it could be very dangerous for both the building and the pedestrians below. The last obstacle was a law. ""...existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@NUM3) This law made it illegal for any aircraft to fly even remotely close to the Empire State Building. In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" the builders faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building."	4
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"", by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced very difficult obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the most difficult obstacles was ""nature itself"". There were very strong winds that ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The back of the dirigible would move around and around even if it were ""tethered to the mooring mast"". Also, dirigibles usually landed in open landing fields and would be weighted down with lead weights. However, weighting down dirigibles with lead weights at a height of about 1,250 feet in a place as densely populated as New York City would be ""neither practical nor safe"". Lastly, there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"", meaning the idea of a mooring mast on the Empire State Building was simply unpractical."	3
When designing the mooring mast for the Empire State Building there were many challenges architects and builders had to over come. First were the basic problems of any transportation hub, how to move people and baggage around the terminal. Another more complicated problem was how the compensates for the added stress on the building's frame from the dirigible's load and the wind pressure. This problem was solve by @MONEY1 redesign of the Empire State Building frame. Also mored dirigibles would be constantly swing around due to the violent wind currents at the top of the Empire State Building. Weights could not be used to hold the airship in place because it would be a danger to people on the streets below. The architects could not design a way to hold it drigible in place. Eventually the idea of a mooring mast for dirigibles at the top of the Empire State Building was scrapped.	3
In building the mast and docking to the empire state building the constructers faced major problems. The Idea of a dock for dirigibles was a good idea at the time but faced both structrial and social problems. Architects and stated that over time the dock for the dirigible and climatic change would cause strain on the framework of the building. This led to more reconstruction and economic spendings. Another problem the builders faced was the location of the building itself. Newly built dirigibles had hydrogen rather than helium which led to flamibility. The Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire which led the builders to consider what would happened if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Docking of dirigibles led to many obstacles which ultimately led to the project shutting down. What was thought as the future is now the past.	3
Architects struggled with obstacles as they were constructing the Empire State Building. A @NUM1 ft. dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, which would add stress to the building's frame. The Architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof. The observation area was to double as the boarding area for dirigible passengers. Once the building had been framed, the roof had to be completed before the framing of the mooring mast could take place. The mast had a skeleton of steel and was clad in stainless steel with glass windows. The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it's purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed.	1
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders had obstacles they had to overcome in building the dock for the dirigibles. The builders had to think about how the mast would work. It said in paragraph nine ""the architects could not simply drop a morning mast on top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame"". The buiders had to modify the building. ""As it said in paragraph ten ""Rather than building a utilitarian mast with out any ornamentation, the architects designed a shinny glass and chrome-nickle stainless steel tower that would be illinated frome inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the over all shape of the building itself."" The obstacles the builders overcame let them use the mast efectly."	1
Some obstacles the builders faced during the construction of the Empire State Building's mooring mast was that the building was not stable enough to be able to moor an airship. They solved this easily by creating a stronger exoskeleton. Another obstacle that they faced was the high speed winds and being able to get passengers off and on. They never did solve this problem, and so the mooring project was shut down. The obstacles the builders faced were too many and this project soon became impossible to finish and it never was.	2
"In the excerpt called ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1, there were obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was nature. That is because the wind at the top of the Empire State were changing a lot due to bad weather. The blimp would be moving around even if it was tied down the other challenge was safety. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"". That is not safe because if a blimp caught on fire at the building there are 102 floors that could burn down. Also because downtown New York is a very densely populated place. That is the obstacles the Empire State building faced in creating a docking area for blimps."	3
Builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One obstacle was finding a way to terner the end of the blimp without it blowing in the wind or putting the people below in danger. Another obstacle was laws against airships flying too low over urban areas. One final obstacle was the danger of hydrogen dirigibles in general. These obstacles proved far to many to outweigh the practicality of the mooring mast.	2
The obsticals that the builders face in attempting to allow dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building are the law to fly that low to buildings. They also face structural problems in the building to be able to hold a dirigible. They also could not keep the dirigibles from moving because of the wind. They faced safty ishuse because of some dirigibles are filled with hydrogen and it is highly flamable. They did not want to have a fire over a densely populated area. They did not want what happen to the German dirigible Hindenburg in New Jersey to happen in down town New York. Dirigible have never dock there and never will because it is unsafe.	3
One of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building was faced with in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the change in structure and extra cost and time in the completion of the building the building originally was going to have a flat roof but in order to dock blimps they had to construct a rocket-shaped mooring mast.Another problem the builders faced was the building and their idea of docking dirigibles being approved by experts. The @ORGANIZATION1 had to take tours of the equipment and mooring operations. The safety of the passengers of the derigible was very important and a huge obstacle for the construction of the Empire State Building. Two floors would be designated to passengers. Experts had to build a door strong enough to carry people and fight the blimps from swaying in the harsh winds.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems when realizing the idea of letting dirigibles dock there. First off @CAPS1 is a major concern many Blimps were filled with Hydrogen which is extremely explosive. Second off the winds at the top of the tower were very strong, making docking terribly difficult if not impossible. Lastly, it was illegal; in New York there was a law forbidding @CAPS2 from flying to low, and to dock on the building it would fly in illegal airspace. The main obstecals the builders faced were @CAPS1 concerns, high winds and the illegality of thier project.	2
"Based on the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Paragraph @NUM1 states that ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" The architect on the building had to redesign the whole building so that it could accomodate these dirigibles. ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed"" (¶ @NUM2). This is a monumental obstacle because safety and other issues would prohibit the mast from fulfilling its duties. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"" (¶ @NUM3). Heavy winds, pouring rains, and beating heat could all end in disaster for the urban area. These are the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building @ORGANIZATION1 in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there are lack of a suitable landing area. In the excerpt they said ""The one obstacle was their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area"". Another obstacle was the climate like wind pressure. For example they said ""The stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below"". The next obstacle is dirigibles from outside of the United States. The dirigibles German's use hydrogen which is flammable. They said ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Thats obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock."	3
While building the mast for dirigibles to be able to dock their, the architects neglected to see many flaws that were waiting to happen. First off it was against the law to have air craft fly that low to the ground. Most of the dirigibles were mainly composed of hydrogen, which is highly flammable, so having that fly above a heavily populated area would not be to safe. The wind currents at the top of the building were also very strong, therefore the dirigible could be pushed into the side of a building and get punctured by a sharp object. In conclusion the entire idea of having dirigibles landing on the empire state building was an accident waiting to happen.	3
"From the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION1 the builders faced obstacles to allow dirigible to dock on the empire State building. One obstacle that the builders faced is the lack of suitable landing area on the roof. For that reasoning they needed more room to dock the dirigible. Later they had to put a steel needle on top of the empire State building so the balloons could dock up and let people out. Next obstacle that they faced was that ""outside the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Therefore it was a risk to take to place a dirigible on top of the building if it blown up the building. Another reasing of an obstacle is that it was against the law for airships flying too low over urban areas for it can tie up and forceful winds will blow it in different directions. For that reasoning the winds could force the balloon to go in different directions and hit other building if the winds are strong. Those are obstacles the builders faced in the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1."	3
The Empire State Building was meant to be great The tallest building in the world. Although they did achieve there goal of height, the true purpose of the building was never used.The building was supposed to serve as a holding dock for these new air Ships called dirigibles. However this was not the case. There were reasons that were apparent before it was ever builtOne of the greatest obstacles was nature itself The winds at the top of the building were too strong for the dirigible to be safetly secure. The back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast, and trying to weigh it down with bricks was impractical. Another problem that was faced was the law that would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. But two ships did try to land. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles failed in landing because it was too dangerous. In the end, the Empire State Building never served as a station for dirigibles.	2
"From the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, it describes many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. The mooring Mast of the building was destined to never fulfill its purpose. One example is most dirigibles from the outside the United States used hydrogen. The united States mainly used helium, witch is not flamable like hydrogen. Luckily the owners of the Empire State Building understood that there could have been a terrible accident if hydrogen dirigibles were used at the Empire State Building. Another obstacle to the builders was nature. the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of the violent air currents. This made it unsafe for the pedestrians down below. these are the obstacles the builders had when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock."	3
"There were some great obstacles for the dirigibles to be able to land and dock on the Empire State Building. At first the idea was great and staggering people's mind, but when the mast was being built the people realized it would not work. The first problem for the dirigble the law for airships to be so low over urban areas which makes it illegal for the ship to even be that close The second problem was ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents (paragraph @NUM1)"" which means it would be very dangerous for the passengers to be comming on and off board of the dirigible. The last problem is that foreign dirigibles use hydrogen which is flammable and to put it over a dencely populated area could cause horrific damage. These precautions would have to be taken which were obstacles for The Empire State Building."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced three main challenges while attempting to make the mooring mast accessible to derigibles. Most foreign derigibles still used hydrogen; a highly flammable gas. A fire on the streets of New York would be disastrous. There were also fierce, ever changing wind currents above the building. These winds would make the back of the dirigible ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" @CAPS1, there was a law in place preventing dirigibles from flying too low when over urban areas. This law made it illegal for dirigibles to tether to the building or even approach it. Those three factors made the mooring mast ""neither practical nor safe."""	3
In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, the builders went through many obstacles. Dirigibles are steel frames balloons, with envelopes or cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter than air. Dirigibles could be maneuvered by the use of propellers and rodders and passengers could ride in the gondola, under the balloon.A dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. over @MONEY1 worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. Also the law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building.	3
The obstacles that the builders of The Empire State builduing faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were they had to allow the dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers on or off. The dirigibles were docked by means of electric Winch, Which hauled in a line from the front of the Ship and then tied it to a mast. The body of the dirigibles Could Swing in the breeze, and yet passengers Could Safely get on and off the dirigible by walking down a gangplank to an open observation platform. They had to go through all these obstacles in order to build The Empire State builduing.	1
"Builders of the Empire State Building never achieved their goal. They had failed to predict the potential problems that they would face. First of all, they couldn't proceed to attempt to land the dirigible on the Mooring Mast because it would be dangerous. Indeed, ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (paragraph @NUM1). They realized the complications it would imply if there were to be an incident like the one in New Jersey. Also, nature was an obstacle to the project; ""The winds on top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents"" (paragraph @NUM2). Consequently, due to the winds, the back of the dirigible would be swinging around the mooring mast, which would be a huge danger to the streets. As a final point, dirigibles wouldn't be able to moor at the Empire State Building because there was a pre-existing law concerning how low airships could fly over urban areas."	3
It @CAPS1 like a veryhard test for them because there trying to make an age of transportation with the thoughts of the pioneers. But once the architects designed the mooring mast and made changes for the building skeleton. They have framed the 85th floor the roof had to be completed before the framing.	1
"The building of the mooring mast on top of the empire state building was very poorly thought out. This is the reason why they faced so many obstacles. From the very start Al Smith never thought about the safety of the people. ""When other countries used hydrogen rather than helium this was a cause for very flammible possibilities. If this happened in New Jersey how bad would it be in a densely populated place like New York City. I could never imagine walking down the street and a lead weight being dropped on my head. In New York there was violent air currents and when the dirigibles would be tied up they would sway. The idea was to hold them in place by lead weights. This was not practical or safe. The one thing that should have been thought of before it was ever constructed was the law. It was illegal for a airship to fly low over urban areas or even to tie up to buildings. In conclusion everything should have been thought out before making hype about something that was not safe, and that was illegal."	3
"In the excert The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example One big problem they faced was the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building's flat roof."" This operation would not be possible because ""A thousand  foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings foundation, wich is nearly 11 hundred feet below."" the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new sittoation. One big obstacle they faced was a big Safety problem. ""Most dirigibles from outside the @CAPS1 used @CAPS2 drogen rather than @CAPS3 lium, and @CAPS2 drogen is very flammable. the biggest obstacle to face was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights but using them at the empire state building, were they would be hanging on top of padestrans on the street was neither practical nor safe. These are the obstacles the empire stat building faced."	3
Some obstacles the builders faced were too much stress to the buildings frame. It would have to transmit all the weight and pressure all the way to the building's foundation. Also there would only be one cable holding it in place. The cable was called a tether. Another obstacle would be an existing law saying that you cant moor your ship there because you are flying to low. In December 1930 the @ORGANIZATION1 dirigible tried parking there but they were affraid of the wind knocking it into another building. Therefor they went threw a few hard obstacles but in the end they fixed it and made it happen.	2
"Derigibles, modernly called blimps were widely regarded in the @DATE1's as the latest and greatest form of transportation there was. These derigibles needed quick means of refueling and unloading passenger both eficiently and with safety. At the very time these derigibles became popular modern day skyscrapers such as the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building were dominating the skyline in New York City. Al Smith, a former governor of New York who was heading efforts to construct the Empire State Building came up with the idea of building a mooring mast on the top of his building which would help dirigibles dock, refuel and unload cargo quickly and efficiently. Although, at the time this idea was thought of as both ""practical"" and ""workable"" it was never put to use because of safety concerns found later by Architects. These safety concerns included fear of the ""constantly shifting"" winds ""due to violent air currents"" as well as air space restricting laws that prohibited ""airships from flying too low over urban areas."" Although this idea seemed revolutionary at the time, many obstacles stood in its path to glory."	3
"Based on ""The Mooring Mast"" written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Constructed in the 1930s the Empire State Building was originally built to exceed the height of the Chrysler Building; it was going to stand at a whopping 1,250 feet tall. What added to this building's height was its great mooring mast that stood atop the building Dirigibles, very similar to balloons, were gaining popularity in the aviation world. However, there were many issues that held back the progress of this project. Most of these issues were safety problems. One practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was because of an existing law against airships flying too low to urban areas Another reason was the flammibility of these ships. Most of them ran on hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and if the ship exploded many civilians and passengers would be killed. In summation, because of safety risks, the mast of the Empire State Building could and was never used for its original purpose."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles. ""... the lack of suitable landing area."" (@CAPS1 6). This means it was difficult to land the Dirigibles. Another problem they faced was nature. The wind and weather could make a landing the dirigibles very dangerous. ""Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which called in a line from the front of the ship, and tied it to the mast."" (@CAPS1 6). This means if the wind blows in the wrong direction, or competes with the electric winch, it would be difficult and dangerous to land the dirigible. Another obstacle was the expenses. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This means they had to pay a lot of money, which is an easy. That was definitely an obstacle they had to face."	3
The builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 thought that they had a great idea and that they were pioneers. They soon realized that there were some problems with their ideas. One major problem was safety. As noted in paragraph @NUM1, most @LOCATION3 dirigibles used hydrogen, which was highly flammable. New York is one of the biggest cities in the United States, and it was far too densely populated to take that risk. Another problem was wind. At those heights, the wind currents were unpredictable and winds reached high speed. If the dirigible were to be blown around while in the downtown area and were to hit a spire of the building, there would certainly be quite a few casualties. After the risks and rewards were balanced, they realized it just wasn't worth it.	3
"Al Smith and other workers are working on Empire State Building. They been having a few obstales with the project like they can't have it has high as they wanted it. They had to fix the mast skeleton if they wanted to do more. The Dirigibles for example. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen than helium, and hydrogen is highly  flammable. When the german dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey on @DATE1. This explains they had gotten a law after this from happening so they can't have things near the Urban areas. This proves that there were @CAPS1 with Empire State building that they worked around"	3
There was many different obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle faced was to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Another obstacle was that most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Those were some of the different obstacles they faced which caused the lack of success.	2
"There were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow derigibles to dock there. In the excerpt the author states nature is one of the biggest problems for the mast. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" The author explains that the wind on top of the buildings are dangerous for the dirigible. ""The winds on top of the buildings were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". The author also describes what the dirigible would do as an affect of the wind. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Those were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow derigibles to dock there."	2
The problems that the workers had to face in letting the dirigibles dock at the empire state Building were crusal & @CAPS1 Because first if they would of tried to Put Mooring Mast on the top of the Building Roof And then have A thousand pound Dirigible on top of It holdn @CAPS2 would be to Much for it to hold. And the stress of the dirigible's weight and wind pressure will need to be transmitted to the Buildings foundation which was 11 hundred feet Below The frame of the Building would have to be stronger Modified @CAPS3 it could work But it would be Over @MONEY1 to Put into the Building frame work in order for it to succeed But the Most Reason why it was difficult for the workers is Because of the winds And if landed they would need weights to weigh it down but it would be dangling high above Pedestrians witch wasn't Practical or Safe.	3
"While building the Empire State Building many obstacles had occurred. During the process of planning the @CAPS1 of the building architects started to realize that there could be many complications.Several complicostions occurred during the process. Architects noticed that the building itself was not made to add additional parts. As an architect said ""it could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" Wind was another harsh factor for the construction of the Empire State Building itself. If ""held by a single cable tether, it would add Stress to the buildings frame. The engineers will also muched with the building's issues."" the Steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation.Safety and nature also had a big play in the obstacles of the building of the Empire State Building. Architects planned out to maintain the dirigibles very high up. wanting to do this could be very dangerous. ""dangling high above pedestrians on the Street, was neither practical or safe. Building the dirigible would have caused many accidents, injuries, and deaths if made. Nature would also be inroled in this plan. ""open landing fields could be weighed down in the back with lead weights. If anyday had very fierce winds this object could have came down and caused serious danger."	3
"Although the builders of the Empire State Building managed some of the obstacles with allowing dirigibles to dock there, many of the issues were left unsolved. When designing the mast to accommodate the blimp, the architects realized the pressure this would put on the building's frame. In order to support the weight of the dirigible they needed to make ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications"" (paragraph @NUM1) to the structure of the building. Also, the builders had to develop a way to tether the dirigible to the building to allow passengers and supplies to unboard. Therefore, the architects designed a ""rocket-shaped mast... of shiny aluminum... which also housed elevators and stairs"" (paragraph @NUM2). However, the builders forgot to incorporate the winds at the top of the building. Once the front of the dirigible was docked, the back of the blimp would swivel around irradically. Furthermore, the builders disregarded existing laws that banned dirigibles from flying low over cities, as it states in paragraph @NUM3. This precaution was due to the safety hazard that these dirigibles posed since they were highly flammable from the hydrogen used. These imposing obstacles made the use of the Empire State Building is a dock unrealistic."	3
"the obstecles the builders faced was many of them. one of the things they faced was that they dident No if they wanted to build the tower in the first place. And the other reason were ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather then helium. And hydrogen is highly flammable. And one of the greater obstacles was mooring mast was nature its self."	2
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @PERSON1, builders of the Empire State building faced many problems. Their first problem was; ""[t]he architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of... the flat roof"". The weight of the mast would make the framework crumble, so the builders had to modifie and strengthen the steel frame of the empire state building. Secondly, most foreign dirigibles were highly flamable making it highly dangerous for on two moor overapopulated New York city. Also nature itself was a problem. The winds at the top of the building were just so strong it'd be dangerous to moor there. And finally, the law against dirigibles flying too low over urban areas. The mooring mast atop of the Empire State building was a good idea but it was very dangerous, highly unlikely and against the law."	3
"The Empire State Building was built as the tallest building in the World and even today still remains one of the tallest. It had design plans with more of a purpose then just being the tallest building, however. It was supposed to serve as a passenger exchange and a refueling dock for dirigibles. Most people do not know this though because there were many complications involved with the architectural designs of this plan for the mast. Architects knew it would not be easy to build such a creation and that they ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building."" They knew, for example that the building needed to be modified to accommodate for the added stress from the mast and the height of the building would need to be increased. They made the necessary changes to the building but the realities of the progect soon set in, and the mast was never built, ""the greatest reason being for safety."" The hydrogen used to power the dirigibles was highly flamable and endangered the citizens of New York  Also, according to the aricle, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" There are powerful winds at that high of an altitude that would blow and make it difficult as for the dirigibles to be properly controlled and navigated."	3
"Based on ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to anchor at the top of the building. A dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether adds stress to the buildings frame, the architects needed to find a way to transmit the stress of the wind pressure and dirigibles load to the @ORGANIZATION1 foundation. Safety had played a major role in the fate of the mooring mast. Outside the United States most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, hydrogen is highly flammable. If a dirigible was to catch fire above a densely populated area there would be disaster. The greatest obstacle to the use of the mooring mast was nature. Above the Empire State Building the wind was constantly shifting due to violent air currents, even if a dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast the back of the shape would still be unstable to land."	4
"In the excerpt written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, she describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In the excerpt the author told the readers that after building the Empire State Building the builders had to reconstruct the entire building having to make is stronger to support the top. ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accomodate this new situation"" (paragraph @NUM1). The workers of the building also had to be working at a height of 1,250 feet. They not only had to rebuild the foundation and strength of the building, but also the top. ""Two months after the workers celebrated framing the entire building, they were back to raise an American flag again - this time at the top of the frame for the mooring mast."" These are just some of the many hardships the workers had to face."	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders faced obsticals in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. An @CAPS1 the faced was A thosand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, this added stress to the buildings frame. the stress of the blimps load add plus wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. the steel frame of the Empire state building had to be strengthened to accommodate this."	1
They had to build the tower just right or els there would be landing problems if they added the sight seeing thing People would pay any price but the price of keeping it stable was not worth the effort. In the end the people were like going to make this a very popular thing but it was not up to them if it was or wasnot popular Wind and Landing always stood in there way so they paid alot-o-money to restableise the building. This ended up being a profit and ride of a lifetime	1
"In ""The mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced was having to try and make it perfect, especially for the designers. They went through alot of work, effort, and time. They tried to make different arrangements for the government people. The dirigibles were always near the mooring mast. They were afraid that it would knock over one day. They also, wanted them to become the transportation of the future. The transportation was to the airplanes. The dirigibles became the world's highest soda fountain and tea garden for the sightseers. So, their plans didn't quite work out as planned, but everything else seemed to work out okay."	1
"It is stated in the article that ""[t]he mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it purpose,"" and that proves to be true. The builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles in trying to have dirigibles dock at the building. For example, one obstacle that is faced is that most dirigibles are filled with hydrogen which is an extremely flammable gas, and if a dirigible is destroyed by fire like the Hindenburg it could cause a terrible accident in a heavily populated area like New York. Therefore the builders face an obstacle of a safety issue with the dirigibles if one catches on fire in New York. Another important obstacle is that strong wind currents at the top of the Empire State Building causes the dirigibles to swivel around the mooring mast, which causes the dirigibles to not get close enough to the mooring mass. Also the wind creates a risk that a dirigible could be blown onto a sharp spire of another building, ""and the dirigible could be punctured which causes a dangerous situation for the captain. To weigh down the dirigible so that it does not swivel as much in the wind, the controllers would have to use lead weights. Though the lead weights lessen the swiveling it is not practical or safe because lead weights would be hanging above pedestrians on the street, and if a lead weight fell it could be fatal. Lastly, if the dirigible to moor at the Empire State Building it would be breaking an existing law. This law states that airships can not fly to low over urban areas, so it is clear that it is illegal to moor on the Empire State Building. Before this project was started the builders should have researched or accounted for all the obstacles they were going to face."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as structural support issues, shifting winds, and administrative interference. One major problem arose when they realized the force of holding the blimp in place ""would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"" (par. @NUM1). This meant builders had to make changes to the support system of the building itself before being able to begin construction on the mooring device. Once the mast and reconstruction work completed, builders realize that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (par. @NUM2), which would make docking almost impossible. Attempts to moor became even moor difficult as ""complete dirigible mooring equipment had never been installed"" (par. @NUM3). This shows how builders struggled with bureaucracy in their attempts to build the mooring mast. In conclusion, the shortsightedness of the project caused builders to struggle with the building's structure, weather, and the owners' vision, before ultimately abandoning the mast."	3
"Although the problems with docking a dirigible were not considered in the beginning, the builders of the Empire State building faced these obstacles eventually. Their ""greatest reason was one of safety"" for the passengers and pedestrians below in the city. Many countries ""used hydrogen rather than helium"" in their dirigibles, and ""hydrogen is highly flammable"" which could have caused several problems in the future. A German dirigible called Hindenburg was destroyed in Lakehurst, @CAPS1 because of fire, and it was after that incident that the owners of the Empire State building realized that an accident like that could not take place ""above a densely populated area such as downtown New York,"" because too many people could be injured. Even though safety was a large problem, ""the greatest obstacle... was nature itself."" when a dirigible was ""tethered to the mooring mast,"" the violent air currents at the top of the building would cause the ""back of the ship [to] swivel around and around."" The air currents not only made it hard to hold the dirigible steady, it made it extremely challenging to even reach the mooring mast. The idea of using lead weights to hold down the end of the blimps was not used because dangleing weights above @CAPS2 ""was neither practical nor safe."" one last obstacles the builders faced was the existing ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This law prevented any dirigibles from being tied to or even approach the building. However, two blimbs (Los Angeles from U.S. Navy and the @LOCATION4 from Goodyear) did try to reach the building but were stopped due to the wind speeds. The several obstacles that presented themselves to the builders of the Empire State Building prevented the mooring mast from being used for the future of transportation."	4
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders went through many obstacles to get their @CAPS1 done.The builders thought they had every all set and under controll. when they had made their plans they had planed for the mist to be a big pice. when they had made the mist it just wasn't right. ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose."" Then they had more problems because a law was p being passed that the ships could not tie them self to the buildings they wouldn't have anyone visit the building. But they solved that problem by haveing the airplanes bring the passengers. Even though the builders went through many obsticle they still managed to get passed them."	2
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the reader learns about many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The most important obstacle to overcome was safety. The United States used hydrogen rather than helium to power the dirigibles. As said in @CAPS2 @NUM1, after the Hindenburg was destroyed, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how catastrophic the accident would be if it was over a densely populated area such as New York. Another obstacle faced was the brutal winds which occur at such a high altitude. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS2 @NUM2). The final obstacle the builders faced was that there was a law, ""against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@CAPS2 @NUM3) which made it illegal to tie a dirigible to a building. In conclusion the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles yet in the end, ""Dirigibles, instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes"" (@CAPS2 @NUM4)"	3
"Many problems faced the construction workers of the Empire State building, @CAPS1 in allowing dirigibles to dock. To begin, construction for dirigibles on the Empire State building was dangerouse. Dirigibles couldn't do many basic things to dock at the building. For example ""dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building."" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) Mooring was impossible because it was against ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (@CAPS2 @NUM1) This made it illegal for a ship to tie to the Empire State Building. Also, the greatest threat to dirigibles was nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@CAPS2 @NUM3) Because of this and be fact that construction on such a high building at the time was unpractable, dirigibles never touched the Empire State building. So to close, the difficulty of building dirigible landing gear and of landing dirigibles ultimately ened the Empire State Building docks."	3
"In their attempt to build a docking mast on the top of the Empire State Building, the builders came up on structural, safety, and practicality obstacles. In order to have the mast on top of the building the builders had to strengthen the steel, ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications"". Also, they had safety concerns about letting a dirigible dock in a city, on a skyscraper. One of these concerns was the use of the flamable gas hydrogen that was used in non-American dirigibles. If a dirigible caught fire over the city the effects of it would be bad. Furthermore, the tether system of the mooring mast was at the will of nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting, this meant the dirigible on the mast could then swivel around, making it danger to citizens. The mast was also in-practical, due to a law that prohibits airships from flying too low over urban areas. And finally, in later years dirigibles had ""given way to airplanes,"" thus making the mooring mast for dirigibles useless. The builders of the Empire State Building never succeeded in their attempt of putting an active mooring mast on top of the building, because of structural, safety, and practicality obstacles that they stumbled upon."	4
The builders of the Empire State Building and encountered numerous obstacles while trying to set up the mooring mast for dirigibles including a weakened framework, nature and weather, potential fire hazards, and U.S. laws. Because the building was not originally designed to hold down dirigibles, the frame was not sturdy enough to survive the pulling and moving of the blimp in the air. The dirigibles would also be vacillating in the high and unpredictable winds at the top of the building, which was 102 storeys. Aside from pulling loose or damaging the building itself, the dirigibles were in danger of being punctured by another building's spire. Damage to the dirigible in any way was a very dangerous possibility, as the area in New York City around the Empire State Building is densely populated. If the dirigible were to catch fire and blowup, such as the case with the German Hindenburg blimp, many pedestrians or other structures could be seriously damaged. This kind of catastrophe was also probable because of the flammable gases like hydrogen used to keep the blimps afloat. Finally, the builders of the Empire State Building faced problems with the U.S. government, whose laws forbid airships to come that close to urban areas like @ORGANIZATION2. It would be illegal for a dirigible to fly near enough to the building to moor to it. In conclusion, many issues surfaced for the builders as they attempted to transform the Empire State Building into a docking station for dirigibles.	4
"The obstacles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the lack of land area, the currents of the wind, and the gas used to make dirigibles float.The lack of land area was a problem because ""...some [dirigibles] were as long as @NUM1 ft., The same length as four blocks in @ORGANIZATION2."" This could be a problem because in a densely populated area like New York, people could be in danger of having large objects flying to and fro, so close to the ground. It would also obscure light.                                                                                                          The wind currents were a factor because 102 floors above the ground, the wind would buffet large dirigibles around, which would be a danger to the buildings frame. ""...the wind pressure would have to be transmitted to the buildings foundation."" The final obstacle would be the gas used in many foreign dirigibles of the time, which was hydrogen, a highly flammable and dangerous gas to have in densely populated areas like @ORGANIZATION2. ""When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in New Jersey, [they] realized how much worse the accident could have been in New York."""	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced alot of problems in attempting to allow dirigibles. One is that in the story it says that dirigibles use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If it got a hole in it then it would catch on fire. Another problem was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships lying too low over urban areas. Those are some obstacles the builders faced.	3
Governer Al Smith of New York had a vision. He wanted to have a building constructed that would surpass the current tallest building in the world, The Chrysler Building. He succeeded in doing so. The Empire State Building was now the tallest building in the world at 1,250 feet. But there were more plans for this building. At the time, aviation pioneers had dreamed of travel by dirigible, and now a mooring mast was to be built at the top of the building for docking these airships. But what should have been a cautious project, turned out to be a dangerous one. There should have been a lot more precaution going into this project. Dirigibles could be very dangerous in a widely populated area like New York City. If the dirigible were to catch fire and explode, people could get hurt. And at such a high altitude, it is likely. People were just starting to understand the dangers of this project halfway into it, which is why it was called off do to lack of safety.	1
"The obstacles that the builder faced is making sure that the building was stable enough. The architects knew that they could not just drop a mooring mast on the Empire State Building. Al Smith commented and said that the mooring mask was on a okay level and how they were working on things. A set of engineers are working finding a workable and faster arrangements. While, the government is trying to find out a safe way for the mooring airships to mast. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame (@NUM1). The obstacles that the builders went through was if a big dirigible was to go on top of the building it was add stress by weighing it down. Also, it would get to the point where it would reach the frame of the building. They had to use a steel frame in order for things to work out. But, at the top of the building the winds cause violent shifting out to air currents. Having a dirigible dangling over pedestrians is very unsafe or even good. The builder of the Empire State building faced many significant challenges to allow the dirigibles to dock there."	3
"The Empire State Building was always very famous and well-known, but did want more attention. Governor of New York, Al Smith, tried to allow dirigibles to dock on the building for transportation. He was encouraged it would work and actually went through with building it. The builders went through many obstacles trying to make it possible.To make this dream possible the builders would have to modify and strengthen the building. This would not be cheap, ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" It would be very expensive. The builders designed a ""shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower."" Also the mast would have four wings of all all corners. The builders designed observation areas and even elevators and baggage areas. They had it all planned out and raised an American flag at the top. Unfortunately, nobody considered all the dangers of docking dirigibles. All the builders work never went through. They tried to dock two but it did not work out. The building turned into the world's highest soda fountain and tea garden for sightseers."	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, many obstacles were described that got in the way of allowing dirigibles to dock on The Empire State Building. One obstacle was that the Empire State Building had a flat roof and the framework of the building would have to be made stronger to put the mooring mast on there. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" It cost more than @MONEY1 to modify the framework. Another obstacle was the law. ""flying to low over urban areas"" was illegall so it would be impossible for a dirigible to even go near the Empire State Building. Lastly, the biggest obstacle was safety. Blimps that were being flown around New York were made using hydrogen, which is flamable. Also, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" It wouldn't be safe to hook a blimp up in those winds where it would be shifting all around. Ofcourse, it was also a safety hazard because thousands of pedestrians would be walking on the road below, ""Where [the dirigibles] would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street,"" it would be terrible if one fell. It should have been obvious that hooking dirigibles to a mast on the Empire State Building was not going to work."	4
The obstacles the builders would have to face would be things such as structural @CAPS1, and worrying about future technological advances. Even if they found out how to land a dirigible on the platform, what about advances on them or new transportation methods. The structural @CAPS1 was a quick fix, by reinforcing the supports to the building itself.	1
The task of allowing dirigibles to dock on The Empire State Building was met with many obstacles. The fist one to come into play was the support of the building. The dirigible's load and the wind pressure would greatly reduse the stability of the building. Over sixty thousand dollars' went into modifications of the building's framework.Another problem was the dirigibles themselfs. Most dirigibles coming from outside of the United States were filled with hydrogen. As seen in the tragic Hindenburg inncodent, hydrogen is highly flammable. The owners of the Empire State Building concluded that an accadent such as this would be even more devastaing over a densly populated area. After being faced with all these obstacles, the idea of dirigibles docking atop the Empire State Building was put to rest for the safety of the people.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a lot of obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. A big problem with safety: most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. Another reason was when dirigibles moored in open landing fields, they could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building would not work out due to the highly populated New York and dangling over pedestrians.Another reason was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even aproach the area. Even if it could, there was worries that the dirigible would be punctured by other obstacles on surrounding buildings.	3
Based on the excerpt given, the idea for allowing dirigibles to land on a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building in New York City was not practical. One obstacle that proves this point is that most dirigibles are filled with hydrogen a highly flamable gas rather than helium like a balloon. This raises safety issues for the urban city. Another obstacle that prevented this idea from being practical was that certain laws were passed stating that dirigibles and airships could only fly so low over urban areas due to violent winds and the risk of destruction. The mooring mast was and isn't practical for the landing of airships and is mainly useful for tourist attraction.	3
"In this excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced. The safety of the people were at stake, nature was also a great obstacle, the other reason was that dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building because it was against the law.First of all, the builders obstacle that they completely forgot about was the safety of the people. Most of the blimps from outside of the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen other than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. And they did not want to risk anyone getting hurt in a densely populated area. Also, another big obstacle was @CAPS1 nature itself. At times the winds would be violent and it would go back and forth. And if a blimp was attached, it would be dangling violently over citizens had not nearly safe. Lastly, it was illegal to have airships flying close to urban areas and New York was highly dense. And the reason for this law is for nothing bad to happen to the citizens. In conclusion, there were many obstacles the builders had gone through, and they were blinded by the project and they wanted to get it done they forgot about safety."	4
"The builders of the empire State building faced many obstacles in the making of the mast. The first obstacle was that of the buildings stability. The excerpt states ""The steel frame of the empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened"". This shows that in order for the mast to even be built the structure of the entire building would need to be altered to accomidate the use of the mast. The second obstacle they faced, in the actual use of the mast, was nature. In hopes of docking the dirigibles to the mast, mother nature would not allow it, as it @CAPS1 in the excerpt, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" They also warned that with those air currents the passengers would not make it off of th dirigible safely due to the end of the dirigible floating rapidly undocked. They feared that if they docked the end it would be unsafe to the pedestrians below just as the helium in the dirigible would of as well."	3
"Base on the excerpt, the obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. My prodiction is he doesn't want it around because the Empire State Building is way to high and the blimps is like floating Right above it. Something may have, thats what I think Al Smith is worried about. My backup answer is the statement he said ""it's on the level, all right. ""No kidding"". We're on the thing now. One set of engineer here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement and the Government people in Washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to this mast"" it seems like hes confused about the whole situation."	0
The experts faced a few major obstacles in the building of the Empire State building.  One of those major obstacles was the frame work.  When your going to build a 1,250 foot building and have a air craft land on it, you need a good and well designed frame.  What they did was add a stainless steal and chrome-nickle windows to cut down on pressure.  They spent over sixty thousand dollars on modifications to the skeleton of the Empire State building.  The other main issue was the air currents.  You can not strapp a dirigible and believe the back of it swaying back and worth.  When your almost a 11 @NUM1 ft in the air, the wind can be very violent at that height.  If the dirigible ever came off or unhooked before they were done refueling, the dirigible would crash and burn, hundreds of pedestrian on the ground below.  Al Smith had a great idea but he did not realize all the problems.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They had to consider the stress of the building, and adding more to the top of the building would increase the stress. The steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened to meet the needs. Also it would be over @MONEY1' worth of modifications. The builders also faced the obstacle of safety. Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is flammable, so it wouldn't be safe. ""... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" There was also a law that was in their way. Facing all these obstacles, caused the builders to not go through with this idea."	3
The obstacles of The @CAPS1 of Them Empire state building were some big ones which led to some Problems. for @CAPS2, There was a lack of a, Landing area for the Dirigible. But the @CAPS3 reason was the lack of saftey there for This dream could Not be accomplished.	2
"Based on the exerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is as follows. The first challenge was to find ""a practical, workable arrangement"" for the engineers to be able to work well and safely. Another problem the builders faced was how to put a ""thousand-foot dirigible moored"" into a building that was 1,046 feet tall. The main obsticle they faced was the fact that the dirigible moored ""would add stress to the building's frame"" which may cause it to fall due to its weight. For the builders to overcome the challenge, they would have to modify and give more strength to the ""steel frame of the Empire State Building."" @CAPS1, the builders went through a lot of obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the building, but in the end it was all worth their hard work to make Al Smith keep his winning title."	2
"In the excerpt called ""The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted on pages 1, @NUM1, @NUM2, @NUM3. She is basicly explainning the obstacles of the builders of the Empire State Building and how it faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Examples are on page 1. ""They said that the empire State Building would be more than ornamental, more than a spire or dome or a pyramid put there to add a desired few feet to the height of the building or to mask something as mundane as a water tank."	0
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many problems trying to make dirigibles able to dock there. One problem was that the blimps use hydrogen instead of helium to fly. ""Most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" The blimps were unable to be used because they were a major safety issue for the people being transported. Another obstacle was that the air currents were very rough at the top of the Empire State building. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring asked, the back of the ship which swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Dirigibles are usually put down in open fields with the back ends can be put down with lead weights; the blimps dangling high above pedestrians was nether practical nor safe. The builders for the empire state building faced many obstacles."	3
"There were many obstacles builders needed to face to make it possible for dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. First was the stress that would be put on the entire building if a dirigible was attached to a mast at the top. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way through to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" (@NUM1) This problem was easily solved by strengthening the frame of the building. Another major problem was the wind 1,250 feet in the air the wind blows very hard and violently. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" (@NUM2) The wind combined with the fact that a dirigible was filled with hydrogen made a bad combination. Hyrogen is a very combustible gas and if a dirigible ran into the building and there was a spark the entire mass of the ship would be enflamed."	3
The obstacles the builders had to face were very big obstacles. One of them being the Mooring Mast it's self. The building which wasn't strong enough to hold an airship with it's original design. So the building had to be Modified and Strengthened to accommodate this situation. They would add a rocket shaped tower built out shiny glass and chrome-nickel Stainless steel. This tower would illuminate from the inside. Which would bump the building from @NUM1 floors to 102 floors . I got all this information from paragraphs @NUM2.	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to dock dirigibles there. One of the obstacles they faced was safety, because the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (¶ @NUM1). If the dirigible burst into flames in New York, a lot of people would die. Another obstacle was nature itself. The winds were violent on top of the building. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"" (¶ @NUM2). This would have been very dangerous. A third obstacle was the law, which was impossible to get around. There ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (¶ @NUM3). Although this was broken twice, it was still illegal to dock dirigibles at that low height. As a cause of all these obstacles, the idea to dock dirigibles at the Empire State Building was scrapped."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders ""main obstacle were the wind currents the dirigibles had to face in trying to dock nearly eleven hundred feet in the air. The harsh winds at the top of the building were constantly changing because of the air currents. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles could not even get close enough to tie up to the mast. ""The captain could not even take his hands off the control levers"" (Lüsted @NUM1) in fear the outer shell would be punctured by the mast. Additionally, if a dirigible was tied to the mast, it would moving all around the mast based on the unpredictable air currents. However, safety was also a major factor. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (Lüsted @NUM2). Therefore, attempting to tie dirigibles to the mast of the Empire State Building was very unsafe, as the obstacles the builders faced were simply too much to overcome."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles, also known as blimps, to dock there. The initial problem was that the blimp couldn't land on a flat surface. So the builders made a ""mooring mast"" so blimps could be connected by electrical winch to the building. But this caused problems too. They couldn't just drop the mooring mast on top of the building or it would be unstable. But most importantly since the winds kept changing it would never stay still. The problem of foreign blimps using hydrogen rather than helium made it to dangerouse to the public. In conclusion The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges in trying to let blimps dock."	3
During this time period, dirigibles were seen as the transportation of the future, and everybody thought that this was plausible. There were problems, however, that nobody saw through. For example, the dirigibles were seen to be the next big thing in transportation, but there was no evidence to support this. They spent all of their time, effort, and resources to construct something for a purpose that never worked. There were other problems that were overlooked as well, such as the wind speed at that height, and even if they could get close enough to the mast, they would need someone to stand on the very top and tie it down, which would be too hard for one person. As the excerpt shows, Al Smith and his architects jumped into this problem too quickly and with insufficient information.	2
"The mooring mast seems like a great idea. A landing dock for dirigibles would have jumped travel into the future. As it turns out, however, architect Al Smith bit off more than he could chew. First of all, the fate of the Hindenburg put worry over the owners heads. ""the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that (Hindenburg) accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"". The second problem is that there is an existing law against airships flying too low in urban areas. As stated in paragraph @NUM1, ""This law would make it illegal for the ship to tie up to the building or even approch the area"", The final and most problematic part of the mooring mast was actually revealed to be nature itself. As it turns out, the wind on top of the building were too violent and unpredictable. Even if the dirigible was tethered, ""the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". Overall, it seems like this was a great idea gone bad."	3
"Based on the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted,to obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock where nature and the law against airships flying too low over urban areas.     The greatest obstacle builders faced was nature. ""The winds of the top of the building constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Also the back of the ships would force the dirigible to spin around from the forceful winds. Then using lead weights in the Empire State Building, they would be dangling high above people on the streets below and it is not safe.      The next obstacle is that a law existed against airships flying too low over urban areas. This made dirigibles illegal to fly over to the building."	2
The Empire State Building was built with great potential, but it would never reach it fully. The Empire State Building was supposed to reach @NUM1 feet, being just inches taller than the Chrysler Building, when the architect who designed the @CAPS1 Building snuck up and stuck a 46 foot pole on top. Of course the Empire State Building had to be taller, so they set a new goal and reached 1,250 feet on December 11, 1929. Al Smith, @CAPS2 of New York and Architect, decided that the Empire State Building needed a cherry on top, so he decided to put a mooring mast for zeppelins on top. This plan was destined for disaster: the foundation wasn't stable enough for zeppelins, they could easily be blown out of control and onto the sharp tip of the Building, and also, since  zeppelins had hydrogen in them, they could explode and fall onto the densely populated @LOCATION1. All in all, the mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building was built for disaster	2
"THE BUILDERS OBSTACLE IN LETTING DIRIGIBLES DOCK AT THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING WAS ALOT. FOR ONE THE MOORING MAST WOULD ADD STRESS TO THE BUILDINGS FRAME, THE WEIGHT OF THE DIRIGIBLES AND WIND PRESSURE WOULD BE TRANSMITTED TO THE BUILDINGS FOUNDATION. ""WINDS WERE SHIFTING DUE TO VIOLENT AIR CURRENTS"". ""EVEN IF THE DIRIGIBLES WERE TETHERED TO THE MAST THE BACK OF THE SHIPS WOULD SWIVEL AROUND."" AND ALSO THE LAW THAT AIR SHIPS CANT FLY LOW IN URBAN AREAS. "	3
"Acording to the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced obsticles in attempting to attache a dirigible mooring unit to the top of the building. In paragraph @NUM1, @CAPS1 says ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" and Then describes how harsh winds could render the mast unstable. Another obsticle in the making of the mast was a law stating derigibles could not fly under a certain altitude, The set altitude was higher then the building was tall. The last obsticle was safety, in paragraph @NUM2 @CAPS1 talks about how some blimps are filled with hydrogen, which is highly flammable. The effect of a blimp fire over a vastly populated area would be devistating. The mooring mast on the Empire State building was an ingeniose idea, but had to many obsticles to make it work."	3
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was one of safety. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above the densely populated areas such as downtown New York.    The greatest obstacle to the use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights.       The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area.	4
"The early @DATE1's was a time where everyone was out to find and build the next best thing. In @CAPS1, two tycoons were competing to build the tallest building in the world. Al Smith, the man creating the Empire State building, had an idea to make his building taller and more popular; build a mooring mast for dirigibles on the top of his building. Though a good and creative idea, the obstacles his architects would face would turn out to be more than they bargained for.first off, putting a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building was very unpractible without changing the whole design."" The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and Strengthened to accommodate this new situation"", (@CAPS2 @NUM1). Also, the dirigible would put so much stress on the foundation of the building. ""The Stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation...,"" (@CAPS2 @NUM1). Nature was also a giant obsitacl these architects faced while building this. ""The greatest obstical to the suceessful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"", (@CAPS2 @NUM3)As you can see, these architects faced many challenges while building this mast, that saddly never paid off in the end."	3
"In The Mooring Mask by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State building faced Problems trying to dock the dirigibles. One big obstacle is that the dirigibles were a safety hazard. For example ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If a dirigible had caught on fire while docked in such a highly populated area many people could have been killed. Another issue was nature, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the back of the dirigible to swivel around, making it unsafe. The builders faced many obstacles and unfortunately could never dock a dirigible at the Empire State building"	3
"In the building of the mast that was to be used to dock and refuel dirigibles the builders and arcitect @CAPS2 many daunting problems For one thing a simple mooring mast could not be placed on the roof of the Empire State Building. The mast would add to much stress to the buildings frame work and cause it to colapse, along with the imense wind power. Another problem was that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather then helium to inflate there dirigibles. Unlike helium, hydrogen is highly Flammable. There was also a law that stated that airships could not @CAPS1 too low over urban areas One of the Final and most important reasons builders @CAPS2 obstacles was the constantly shifting wind due to violent air current. Even with the dirigibles tethered to the mooring mast the back end would swivel around the mast along with the wind."	4
The builders had many obstacles while building the Empire State building. They had competition with the Chrysler building because of it's height. Al Smith, the constructor of the Empire State wanted to build the tallet and most famous building in the world. He made the buildings seem invincable. He even put a mooring mast on it so things could land on it. But it was never suppost to surve that purpouse, It was only created for publicity. Because about the mooring mast the building would have failed to become popular. Al Smith did everything to make that building what it is today and it is still standing in New York city today.	0
From my reading, I understand that the difficulties of building a mooring dock atop such a structure as the Empire state building were numerous. an obvious one was structural stability throughout the entire building. Paraphrased from the passage, the tension from the dirigible pulling on the tether would cause stress on the building's frame. another was controll of the dirigible during docking. The passage explained that the winds above the empire state building would shift violently and frequently. Safety as well as an issue, especially after the Hindenburg accident in New Jersey, when a German zeplin caught fire and exploded. 	3
The obstacles that the Empire State Building faced were alot. So that the dirigibles; blimps could dock there.One obstacle was building more floors. They had to build more floors so that the people on the dirigibles could have somewere to load and unload on the ship.Another obstacle was building steel frames from the 85th floor to the 102nd floor. This costed them over @MONEY1 worth of modifications, that had to be done to the buildings framework	1
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Empire State Building faced some obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. To begin with, one of the greatest obstacle was the act of nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"", this made it hard for the dirigible to have a safer landing. The other obstacle was that there was a law, that went against airships flying low over urban areas. In conclusion, the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was not use for landing airship such as the dirigible because it was to dangireous. In addition, they used the mooring mast for other safe purpuses."	2
"After planning and building the mooring mast on top of the empire state building, the developers found many problems that were not thought of earlier. They hadn't thought about the flammability of the gases inside of the dirigibles. Nor had they remembered the ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building"" (lines @NUM1). Also, the heavy winds that would be found that high above the ground would certainly prove to be a danger to all the airships. If they had hit a neiboring building the results could be disastrous."	3
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders went through obstacles to allow the dirigibles to dock in the @ORGANIZATION1, the builders had to redesign the top of the Empire State Building. They had to make it taller and more suitable for the dirigibles to land. They went through problems because they were not sure if the dirigibles would fit. Second, the had to design the mast. The builders had to design a whole other part for the dirigible. The builders also had to spend sixty thousand dollars into building the mast. The builders faced that big obstacle. Third, the builders also made a stainless steel tower for the docking of the dirigibles. This was an obstacle because the had glass and chrome-nickel stainless steal on the tower. The builders went through many obstacles for the dirigibles to dock, when in the end the dirigibles never did get a chance to dock The builders should ""Take a bow, because it's over now"""	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building had many obstacles they had to face in order to fulfill the @ORGANIZATION1. The Empire State Building is @NUM1 feet tall which made for some problems. Lüsted stated, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the Mooring Mast was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The wind speed on the top of the Empire State building would be terrible because the Dirigible's tail is basically weightless and it would move around violently which could make the support beams give out, or could put people's life in danger below. Lüsted said, ""But using these at the Empire State Building; where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street is neither practical nor safe."" Another reason as to why the Mooring Mast can not be constructed is the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Lüsted stated, ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building or even approach the area."" It is not legal for the Dirigible to even be in the viscinity of the building which makes it impossible to do."	3
Many obstacles faced the builders of Empire State Building. The biggest problem is The fact that it was illegal for a dirigible to fly that low in Urban areas, stated in paragraph @NUM1. Another problem was that most of the @ORGANIZATION2's dirigibles used hydrogen, which is very flamable. So if what happened to the Hindenburg happened at the empire state building then the accident would of been much worse. Especially with people walking the streets below, stated in paragraph @NUM2. Another problem was nature. The winds were ferocious at the top of he building and were always shifting. So if a dirigible was docked to the mask and the lead weights that keep the dirigible from floating away, like anchors, would be dangling over pedestrians ready to fall in an instant, stated in paragraph @NUM3. Also fears of the sharp edges and forceful winds would cause the dirigible to get punctured and pop.	4
"In this excerpt Al Smith had many obstacals to over come when he wanted Dirigibles to dock on the empire state building. The smallest obstacal was building this top so Dirigibles could moor at the building. ""The top would have cost Over @ORGANIZATION1 for the needed modifications on the Frame work"". Another obstacal faced was the fact that there was an existing law in place @CAPS1 this. ""The other practical reason Dirigibles could not more at the empire State building was an existing law against low flying air ships."" The issue of safety was a tricky obstacle. ""Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is very @CAPS2. The Greatest obstacle was nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting Due to violent air currents."" In this excerpt The obstacals For Al Smith and his team were to great and they could not over come them."	3
"The builders of the Empire state building faced many problems in trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the top @CAPS1 ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" @CAPS2 the designers had to find a way for the dirigible to dock at the top of the building. Even if they did find a way for it to dock though, ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This set the builders back again because even if they did find a way to dock the dirigible the Empire state building would need ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications."" Even though that's possible there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The builders faced many obstacles that set them back but they made a valiant attempt to see their dream come true."	3
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One example is that by adding the dirigible, it would add stress to the building. The frame of the Empire State Building would have to be changed due to the pressure that would be put on the building. All of the changes that would have to be made would add up to over sixty thousand dollars. Now, there would also be 102 floors. The top floor would be the boarding area as well as an observation area. One more thing they had done for the mooring masts was raise an American flag on top. All of these accommodations were made for the help of dirigibles docking on top of the Empire State building.	2
"The @CAPS1 had many obstacles Building the Empire State Building and also allowing Dirigibles to @CAPS2 there. one of the obstacles was the expanded use in New York City. As said on page @NUM1 paragraph 6 ""The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the Lack of a suitable Landing Area"". Another obstacle was use of mooring mast was Nature itself. Also said on pg @NUM2 paragraph @NUM3. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was Nature itself"". The @CAPS3 Obstacle was weather for an example On page @NUM4 paragraph @NUM5 ""The @ORGANIZATION2 dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast But could not get close enough to tie up because of the forceful winds."" @CAPS4 are @NUM2 concluding examples of obstacles faced in allowing dirigibles to @CAPS2 near Empire State Building."	3
The Empire State building faced hardships while trying to dock their dirigibles. The builders tried to build a docking station for the dirigibles, but the only problem they had was safely docking in thousands of feet in the air. The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Winds in New York would also make it difficult to land. Another reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was the laws about airships flying too low over urban areas. Not only was it illegal, but also unsafe. Most dirigibles from out of the United States were made with a highly flammable gas called hydrogen. A German dirigible was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The owners of the Empire State building relized how bad it could've been in a highly populated area such as New York.	3
"The obstacles The @CAPS1 of the Empire State building faced was a law That was against airships flying low over urban areas. The other problems the @CAPS1 of the Empire state building, faced was when The U.S. Navy driigble los Angeles approached The mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of force ful winds.     The first obstacle the @CAPS1 had faced in attempting to allow drigibles dock was an ""existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever fly up to a building The second Reason why the builder faced ob stacles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock was in ""1930 U.S Navy drigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because forceful winds They @CAPS3 wind would blow dirigible to sharp spires. These are the obstacles the @CAPS1 of Empire State building faced to allow dockin."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building encountered obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast on top of the building. The main problem was perhaps that foreign dirigibles don't use helium, they use hydrogen. Using hydrogen was a huge problem because hydrogen is extremely flammable. If a problem did occur, hypothetically, that a dirigible caught fire it would cause a threat to New York City which is highly populated. If the dirigible blew up the people of New York would not have enough time to get away from the blast. Another problem was winds. Winds can easily blow the dirigible off its course of worse into a spire on top of a building and puncture it. This problem was discovered when the U.S navy dirigible ""Los Angeles"" Was attempting to reach the mooring mast. The captain couldn't get anywhere near the mast. These obstacles and dangers suggest the mooring mast is a bad idea. Which the constructers later came to realize."	3
The obstacles, the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is that Al Smith constructed 185 foot spire inside the building to make it taller. By @DATE1's the new airships called dirigibles was hailed as transportation for the future. They was like blimps but was filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter. In New york city they had a lack of Suitable landing area for dirigibles. Al smith add a mooring mast to the top of the building so they could tie the line from infront of the ship.	1
The Mooring Mast has two obstacles @CAPS1 the winds on top of the building are constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other reason dirigibles could not moor at the @ORGANIZATION1 law against airship flying too low over urban area. They try to get close but they can't because of forceful winds. In nineteen thirty the @ORGANIZATION3 dirigible Los Angeles approched the mooring but not get close. So they stablish a low to a securit for a urban Area.	2
"The builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. They had to find a way to keep the dirigibles from spining around the top of the tower. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This meant the dirigibles, would swivel around the mast unless tied down. The next problem or obstacle was making the buildings structure strong enough to withstand the tension caused by the dirigibles. ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. The next challenge was to create a safe enviroment for the pedestrians below. That was not possible because the city was already made below. The drigibles ""would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe. Clearly the builders faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The dirigible's weight was held by a single cable tether that ""have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation,"" which was far below. If the cable tether were to ever break, passengers in the dirigible and civilians of New York would be in grave danger. This cable tether would be too risky to use. The builders could not possibly overcome nature and its ""violent air currents"" for the winds they the top of the building. These currents would cause docking to potentially be too time-consuming and dangerous. The builders and architects try to reverse this obstacle by weighing down ""the back with lead weights."" This was ""neither practical or safe,"" because of the potential danger of the weights falling and hitting New York pedestrians. The builders and architects of this grand project had to quarrel with many gargantuan obstacles in order to dock at the Empire State Building."	3
"There were many obsticles in the process of building the process to build a mooring mast. The designers had to think they're way around them.It was easily known you couldn't just go up to the top and start construction. There were acomidations to be made. The exerpt describes, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation..."" (@CAPS1). Just adding it on would upset the buildings structure and foundation.Safety was a concern. People realized it was a bad idea to have something as highly flammable as the dirigible. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium..."" (@CAPS1). After recent fires, it was noticed now dangerous this idea was.Control was an issue in the city; rather than an open feild. ""... the back of the ship would swivle around the mooring mast"" (@CAPS1). That wasn't going to'fly' with most people, It would be almost imposible to keep it @CAPS4 for people loading. Designers face a lot of problems in constructing buildings but in this case, the mooring mast just wasn't ment to be."	3
As the builder's dream for the Empire State building grew larger, so did the modifications they needed to make. To begin, they needed to research and engineer a safe and practical way for the dirigible to dock. This was soon done with the help of navy and government research. The next struggle was the structure of the building. Adding a mast with the added weight of the dirigibles and an engine room at the top of the sky scraper would effect the frame. In order for the building to be structurely sound, the frame was modified to withstand the added stress. Even with research and modifications, the docking system was never put in place. The strong and shifting winds above the Empire State Building would not allow for a blimp to actually dock safely, and so the idea was soon let go. Safety and wind were the two challenges that the builders could not over come.	2
"The builders of the Empire state building faced many obstacles in the course of bringing Al Smith's plans to life. One of them was ""air ships flying too low over Urban areas"" is illegal. If breaking the law wasn't a large enough obstacle, then the issue of New York citizen's safety also came into play. Most dirigibles were dangerous due to their flamability. So one wrong move could have killed many ""if it had [exploded] above a densley populated area""Another huge obstacle the came into play was the lightness of the dirigibles, that would allow it's rear to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The only way to stop that would to again, put the citizens in danger."	3
"The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building flat roof. When they tryed to build it there was not enough space so they tried to force it but that @CAPS1 mess everything up. ""A thousand-foot dirgible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, without strees to the building's frame."" At times when they try to add things that made the building only heavyer and more likely to fall. They try to add more things to only make it look better but what they didn't know is that it was only gain to fall more."	2
There are a few obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle would be the building of the mooring mast to be added to the top of the building. Although it was a good idea, it was very complicated. Another Reason consists of law @CAPS1. There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. New York is defanitley not the City for this idea just because there is alot of people walking around the @CAPS2 and there is many buildings around. This idea of docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building would @CAPS3 to be over with the invention of airplanes. The idea @CAPS4 disappeared.	2
Al Smith's idea of making the Empire State Building bigger was a very difficult task. Also tying to make the top of the building a docking area for new airships was difficult. One obstacles the builders faced attempting to create a dock for dirigibles was preventing stress to the buildings frame. If the builders wanted to fix that it will invole the the building's foundation which was eleven hundred feet below. The framework of the building will cost too much money. The stress of the building will come from the dirigibles's load and wind pressure. Another Obstacle that the builders were faced with was the wind. The violent air current would cause the building to constinously shift. They didnt wand to use lead weights because it was to dangerous. because they were dangling high over predestrains. A law that builders had to think about while building this was the law that went against airships flying too low They had many obstacles that the builders had to keep in mind while building the dock.	3
Builders faced many problems with @CAPS1 dirigibles to dock on the empire state building. The first problem they faced was the wind at the top of the building. When the Navy dirigible Los Angeles tried to dock at the building, the wind wouldn't allow it to get close enough without moving out of control like hitting another building. This made it impossible for the dirigible to dock and so the Los Angeles gave up. Another reason builders faced a problem with with @CAPS1 dirigibles to dock on the empire state building, was that there was a law that said airships were not @CAPS2 to fly low over urban areas. This law would prevent any and all dirigibles from coming near the building and therefore they wouldn't be able to dock.	2
"The idea of a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building seemed like a grand idea at the time of construction, but it had many obstacles to overcome The builders first had to make ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications"" to the buildings steel frame. this would reinforce the building against the pressure a dock dirigible would create. Adding a mooring mast would not be as simple as placing one atop the building. So the builders constructed a huge stainless steel enclosure to house passengers. this enclosure also had an elevator and stairs to bring passengers to the eighty fifth floor. Lastly, the builders had to complete the roof before framing the mast in steel. The concept of a mooring mast was ingenious although the practicality was soon found to be extremely low. Not to mention the fact builders were a thousand feet high. this idea presented many challenges."	2
In attempt to make the Empire State Building higher than the Chrysler Building, the builders ran through a few obstacles trying to allow dirigibles to dock there.One obstacle was because of safety reasons. Dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen, not helium. Hydrogen was more flammable, causing the builders to realize if an accident like when the German dirigible was destroyed by a fire in New Jersey it would be more worse if it was to happen in a populated area such as downtown New York. Known as one of the greatest obstacles attempting to use the mooring mast was through nature. If the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of it would move around and around due to the winds on top of the building.The practical obstacle the builders faced was by law. An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Having to tie up the dirigible to the building would be illegal. But as years passed on the idea of using the mooring mast died out leaving there to be no more obstacles to face.	3
"While building the mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building struggled through many difficulties and issues. First they had to make sure the dirigible wouldn't tear down the framework of the building. Because the dirigible was so large and heavy the dirigible added with the wind would ""be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"" which was at the bottom. This had to be addressed, or the building would have been destroyed. Even before this, workers had to learn how dirigibles worked and how they could be docked on the buildings. They ""consulted with experts, taking tours of the equipment"" just in order to learn how a dirigible flies and how it would be docked. Probably the most important thing the workers had to keep in mind was the safety of the public. This was very difficult to do, and unfortunately, it wasn't possible to build this mast so it would be safe for the public. This eventually led to the mast never being used as a docking station."	3
The Greatest Obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was nature itself. The wings on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical or safe. (@CAPS1 @NUM1)	2
The builders faced a lot of issues to allow drigibles to land place on the Empire State Building. The builders had to be very cautious or carefull on building the platform to allow drigibles to dock. The drigibles (Blimp) were very big transportation machines that were made out of Steel and Cotton Fabric that was filled with hydrogen and helium. Hydrogen is a flamable substance which the builders had to be carefull with power and electricity supplies. To allow a blimp to dock above @NUM1 feet in the air on the Empire State Building, they need to work on the framing of the building so it there is any bad weather condition, the building would not collapse, and would be stable. Because of all these problems the procautions the builders had to make, makeing the mast was a failuer and left for the future transportations to plains.	2
"There were many problems the builders of the Empire state building faced when it came to dirigibles.They faced problems with ""... Violent air currents"" That flow above the building. These would constantly be pushing the ships as they tried to dock, and sway the back end while they were docked. Another problem was that there was an ""... existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This would make it basically illegal to dock an airship on the Empire State building. These obstacles described in ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Lüsted show why the spire at the top of the Empire State building was never used to dock dirigibles."	3
The builders of the Empire State building had alot of problems in biulding the @CAPS1. How Would they be able to allow dirigables to @CAPS1 there? High Winds and laws stood in the biulders way. The fram of the building had to be renforced so it would not fall to the ground. The landing gear date had to be postponed due to building scedual's.  Whe a dirigible did try to land it couldnt. The air streems were too much for it. In the end the idea was unrealistic. High winds and laws prevented the @CAPS1 from ever being used.	2
The builders of the Empire state Building faced obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The greatest obsticle was safety for pedestrians and the building itself. Most of the dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. They didnt want the dirigible to explode and fall over pedestrians and catch the whole building on fire. Safety is the main obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced when trying to let dirigibles dock there.	2
Obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was nature itself. Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast.	2
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there in the @NUM1.The first obstacle was ""the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" If the builders had decided to that than the dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the building's frame which could also jeopardize the lives of all the tourists who visited and everyone who worked there.There was also the fact that ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" Which meant the frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened, something like that didn't come cheap, in fact ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework.""In all the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was a failure. The most obvious being safety since most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The end result is, today the rooms that were set aside for baggage are now the world's highest soda fountain and tea garden. And the highest observation deck has never been open to the public."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. One problem was that they had to strengthen the rest of the building in order to put the mast at the top. This process would be very costly, the author says ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" Another problem in the attempt of allowing dirigibles to dock there was the winds at the top of the building. The air currents were very violent that high up. ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast,"" therefore it would not be safe for people on the streets of the city. Finally, the laws of the city interfered with the plan for the mooring mast. The law said that it was illegal for an airship to fly too low over urban areas. If the dirigible was able to dock on the mooring mast, it would be breaking this law. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems, and their plan never actually followed through."	3
"Based on the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, building a mooring mast on the Empire State Building was hindered by many obstacles the builders had to face. Firstly, the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would hurt the building's frame. Builders fix this problem by making ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications... to the building's framework"" (page @NUM1 paragraph @NUM2). After the mast's construction, two more obstacles arose. Firstly, most dirigibles used hydrogen, which is very flammable. After the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the builders realize the danger in letting that same accident happen in densely populated New York City. The mast's greatest obstacle was ""nature itself"". Since the winds on top of the building were away shifting due to air currents, the back of the dirigible would swivel around the mast. Builders thought of using lead weights to fix this problem, but dangling weights high above pedestrians on the street ""was neither practical nor safe"". The last and most obvious obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. Though the builders and owners were able to overcome the first obstacle given from the construction of the mooring mast on the Empire state Building, future obstacles prevented the mooring mast from fulfilling its purpose."	4
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was cost, and saftey. The steel frame of the building would have to be modified, strengthened to fix this new situation and it would cost over @MONEY1. Another obstacle was that most of the countries outside the u.s. use hydrogen which is highly flammable. Another obsacle was ""The winds on top of the building where constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" this made it unsafe. These where some of the mayjor obstacles they had to go through"	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to add a dirigible docking station at the top of the building. As it says in paragraph @NUM1, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Wind could cause a serious saftey hazard by spinning the back of the docked dirigible around. Also dirigibles are highly flammable. If an explosion such as the Hindenburg took place at the top of the Empire State Building it would have been catastrophic. Attempting to moor a dirigible at the top of the building was not only dangerous: It was illegal. There ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (paragraph @NUM2)The fact that mooring a dirigible was illegal and extreemely dangerous, was not the only obstacle that builders faced. It was also a daunting task. Builders would have to learn new technologies for operating the system at the U.S. Naval Air Station. After researching, builders reliezed that they would have to strenghen the frame. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" (paragraph @NUM3) The obstacles the builders faced, proved to be enough reason to never use the mooring."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast. The builders had to consult with experts and take tours of the equipment used in building mooring masts, land dirigibles service and a workable arrangement, and modify the building for support of the mast.In preparation to the construction of the mast the architects first took tours of the equipment at the @ORGANIZATION1. The builders also met with the president of an airship transport company that offered their services across the Pacific Ocean. A workable arrangement had to be created. It was difficult and tedious to figure, ""on some safe way of mooring ships to this mast."" The foundation of the building had to be considered as well because, ""the architects could not simply dropping mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" Over @MONEY1 in modifications to the frame and foundation of the building had to be performed. All of these were obstacles in the way of architects building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle the architects faced was the building's frame. They needed to design the landing area so that if a dirigible landed there, it wouldn't add too much stress to the building's frame. Another problem was the stress of the load, and wind pressure. In paragraph @NUM1, the author says ""The stress of dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred  feet below,"" and that is why the dirigible's load, and the wind's pressure are a significant problem. Finally, after the builders figured out that they needed to make various adjustments, also to strengthen the building's steel frame, ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made,"" which is a lot of money! Those are the obstacles that the architects of the Empire State Building faced while trying to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"While constructing the Empire State Building the builders were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. To begin, the dangers of allowing dirigibles that were made outside of the United States. May non-American dirigibles were made up of hydrogen which is much more flammable compared to the United States helium balloons. To avoid a repeat of the explosion of a dirigible Lüsted states, ""the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above.. Downtown New York."" @CAPS1, the winds at the top of the building were to wild to attach a dirigible safely to the top. The author clarifies, ""Even if the dirigibles were thethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around... the back could be weighted down with lead weights, but using these was neither practical nor safe."" This shows that in order to have the ship still enough to be able to moor it was dangerous. Lastly, a law was passed making it impossible to fly close enough to the building to be able to moor. Marcia Amidon Lüsted says, ""An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This makes the possibility of landing a dirigibles on the Empire State Building illegal."	3
"While they were attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. One obstacle they faced was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith thought if a mooring mast was added to the top of the building, then the dirigibles would be able to anchor there to refuel and let passengers off and on.Another obstacle that was faced was that dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium which was extremely flammable. The owners of the Empire State Building felt that it wouldn't be safe if the dirigible set on fire with a densely populated area right below it.The greatest obstacle that was faced was the use of the mooring mast with nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The owners of the Empire State building believed that if something went wrong then the dirigible would be dangling above pedestrians on the street. This was very unsafe."	3
"The construction workers faced many obstacles in building the Empire State building. One of those obstacles was hieght. Since they wanted to make the building the tallest building in the world they had to make sure there was enough technology to do so. Also they had to add an extra seventeen flores to the building making it 102 floors instead of its original @NUM1 floors. Another obstacle was its safety issues. The construction workers never checked into problems with building the mooring mast. In paragraph @NUM2 the author States, ""The as yet unsolved problems of mooring air ships to afixed mass at such a height made it describable to post pone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear."" the author is trying to say that when designing the production of the mooring mass; ""they overlooked certain issues that make them set back the final date. Due to these obstacles, the construction team managed to succeed in Building the tallest building, The Empire State building."	1
"The Empire State Building faced obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles, ""enormous steel framed balloons"" commonly called blimps, dock there. One of the main issues was the pressure on the building caused by the dirigibles. As said in the excerpt The @CAPS1 @CAPS2, by @ORGANIZATION2, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" (paragraph @NUM1). Over @MONEY1 worth of modifications were made to strengthen and accommodate for this new situation of dirigibles."	2
The greatest reason was one of safty: most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable. The greatest obstacle use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violen air currents	2
The Empire State building had to face the problem of how to have mast for the huelium balloon that was lighter then a blowing up balloon. The tip of the building was too long, some of the problem couldn't be solved by architects.	0
The builders of the Empire State building faced many problems and obstacles while attempting to allow blimps to dock there. One of their obstacles was that foreign blimps used hydrogen Not helium to stay in the air. If it blew up over New York the damage and death rate would be catastrophic. A second obstacle that they faced was that the elevation of the building was @CAPS1 high that there were strong wind currents. Making it difficult for the Navy's blimp the Los Angeles to come @CAPS2 the docking station at the mooring mast. Their final obstacle that they faced was the fear of the blimps going @CAPS2 another buildings Spire bursting a hole in the blimp: causing it to crash.The builders faced many obstacles such as the danger and high risk of a foreign blimp trying to dock and ends up blowing up since They are filled with hydrogen and not helium. Also since it is at such a high elevation the heavy wind currents make it difficult for the blimps to get close enough to be able to dock. Finally the fear of the blimp going @CAPS2 another buildings Spire puncturing a hole in the blimp causing it to crash.	3
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"", the builders of the Empire State Building were faced with  obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The designers had such big plans for the building that reality was far off. One challenged they encountered was the safety of everyone. In the excerpt they talk about how, ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (paragraph @NUM1). The risk of the dirigible being caught on fire was very high. If it did catch on fire not only would it harm the blimp, but also the buildings and people of New York. Another obstacle that was in the way was mother nature herself. No one could predict the weather, and ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (paragraph @NUM2). Blimps would not be able to fly close enough without the wind pushing it. The winds could make the aircraft fly into buildings, which could damage the design of the dirigible. All in all, the challenges the designers had to build such a great building, were only a practical dream that reality soon crushed."	3
During the construction of the Empire State Building, the world thought that they knew the future of air travel: dirigibles.  In an attempt to keep up with The modern world, Al Smith, lead architect of the Empire State Building, decided top the building with the dirigible docking station.  Unfortunatlley, during the building process, the architects faced many obstacles that stopped them from completing the mooring mast.  One of these problems with the sixty thousand dollars they would have to spend on modifications to the building.  Another was the flamibility of hydrogen the gas used in inflating the ship.  But the biggest obstacle was nature.  The winds that the dirigible would be facing were very strong, and pedestrians on the sidewalk were put at risk by the possibility that the ship would tear off the tether it was tied to and crash.  A final reason for the end of the mooring mast plan was a law that stated that airships couldnt fly too low over urban areas.  Although the mooring mast seemed like a great idea at the time, many obstacles stopped it from having success.	3
The builders of the Empire State building went through many obstacles. I feel bad for them because of how dangerous it was, and how long they had to work. At the same time I would have been happy to be apart of something like that. The builders could have died doing there job. Building it so high up, it must have been hot. I dont think it had to be that high they could have done the same thing but lower. Those are some of the obstacles I think the builders went through.	0
When builders of the Empire State Building attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there, they faced multiple obstacles. The most important was the issue of safety because the dirigible would cause chaos if it caught on fire. Hydrogen would be too dangerous to use in the dirigible if it could catch fire at any moment.Another obstacle was the speed of the wind at the top of the Empire State Building. There were violent air currents, and these would shift the position of the dirigible if it was docked at the mooring mast. Since the back of the dirigible could not be weighted down because of safety issues, it would swivel around the mooring mast.The last issue was an existing law about airships. They were not allowed to fly at this height, for it was too close to an urban area. This made it illegal to try and dock at the Empire State Building. In fact, they couldn't even approach the area except for the Los Angeles and the Columbia, who were allowed to try before the idea was ruined. Neither could successfully dock, and the idea was finished.	3
"Based on the excerpt from @PERSON1's book ""The Empire State Building"", there seems to be two main problems with the docking of dirigibles in New York City. Firsty, is the problem of nature itself. The area around the Empire State Building, and all of @LOCATION3, is just too windy to have a safe docking procedure. The Naval @CAPS1 the Los Angeles attempted to dock, but the operator pulled away for fear of puncturing the zeppelin on the spire of another building. The second problem, though slightly easier to rectify was the law that prohibited any aircraft near the buildings of New York City. This basically made even attempting to dock in illegal. There are many reasons why the idea of zeppelins didn't get off the ground worldwide, and this excerpt about New York was a prime example of the obsticles that couldn't be safely tackled."	3
"In their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. Firstly, the frame of the Empire State building was too weak to take on the extra stress of dirigible's load. Builders sat out to strengthen the building frame, a sixty-thousand dollar feat. Secondly, builders struggled with high, shifting winds. These winds made docking a dirigible nearly impossible, because ""the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" Another obstacle builders faced were safety issues. The insides of many dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, a highly flammable gas that allowed the dirigible to float. After a dirigible fire in New Jersey, builders realized the dangers of dirigibles and what would happen if a dirigible caught on fire above New York City. Finally, builders also faced the laws regarding air traffic. The laws prevented airships from flying ""too low over urban areas."" in the end, the obstacles prevented builders from letting dirigibles dock on the Empire State Building."	3
"From the knowledge I gained reading the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" I lerned that there were many obstacles in making a place for dirigibles to dock. The most important reason is safety. Since most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, the dirigibles were highly flammable. If the dirigibles were to ever catch on fire over New York, many lives could be in danger. Another obstacle was the climate. The empire State buildings top where they were going to build the Mooring Mast, had such a bad climate it was nerly impossible to dock a dirigible on it. These are some of the many obstacles the architects had to face when designing the mooring mast."	2
"Builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting durables be able to dock there. Some of these obstacles weren't caused by the building it self, nature took part of it due to the forceful winds at the height of 1,250 feet it was hard for the pilots of the dirigibles to steer the ship close enough to tie it up. This situation occurred to the @ORGANIZATION2 dirigible ""Los Angeles"" fearing the wind would blow the ship onto Sharp edges or other buildings in the area. Witch would cause the shell to get punctured leading to a disaster the captain failed to attempt to reach the building on december 1930. Another obstacle builders faced was that an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas witch would put civilians on the street at risk. Another obstacle was not a large enough dirible would put stress on the buildings frame."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For one, having dirigibles dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe. There was also ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" In addition to these obvious set-backs, ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" However, it is safely said that mother nature herself proposed the biggest obstacle for the builders. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents,"" making it extremely difficult to keep the dirigibles securely and safely hoisted to the building. The obstacles for the builders also became much more dangerous as they began to realize the science of the dirigibles. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" When the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"", caught fire on May 6, 1937 in Lakehurst, New Jersey the owners and builders of the Empire State Building realized that the accident could have been much worse if it happened on top of one of the most populated cities in the world."	4
"After reading The mooring mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building are faced with in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are evident. The number one reason is because it is not safe. First, most dirigibles used hydrogen, which is highly flamable. The chance of a fire starting is especially not good because its a highly populated area. Also, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself"" (¶@NUM1). With the building being so high,"" winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (¶@NUM1). The conclusion has been made the dirigibles land in landing fields because they can be weighted down in the back with lead weights. This method would not be safe if used on the Empire State Building. Clearly, the builders of the Empire State Building are faced with too many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"Everyone would like to jump in a dirigible and transport from one location to the next. Although, there are many challenges the builders faced in attempt to doing so. One of these challenges included the amount of stress the single cable tether from the dirigible would add to the building. Also, wind pressure is a dangerous factor which needed to be taken into consideration, because the dirigible is so heavy, that it could easily fly off and hit someone. The building would also have to be strengthened to hold the dirigible which would cost over sixty thousand dollars. One of the most important reasons against allowing the dirigible to dock there is because it could easily catch on fire."" The greatest reason was one of safety: Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable."" (para @NUM1) Overall, due to the dangerous factors in allowing the dririgible to dock there, these will always override the pros, and maybe one day technology can create a safe way to do so."	3
"The main problem of dirigibles landing by the Empire State Building was saftey. For one reason dirigibles were huge; ""Some were as long as one thousand feet, the same length as four blocks in New York City."" The Empire State building is @NUM1 ft tall. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" If a dirigible was going to land on a very windy day it had the potential of crashing into other buildings which would cut through the dirigibles materials. Also on the tethering to the mooring mast, would... ""weigh down in the back with lead weights..."" the idea was dangerous. To hold the dirigible to the building there would be lead weights, ""dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" Due to all these problems the dirigible would never be safe to land on the mooring mast was the problems that the builders faced."	3
Builders of the empire state building faced many different things while trying to build a dock for the dirigibles. The builders had to make sure it was safe to walk on the platform to get off the blimps. Also the dock had to be high so the owner could still keep the world's highest building record. But with a little hat added wasn't going to do much so building a dock was a better idea.	1
"In the excerpt  ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced. The task of the building something on the Empire State Building that would allow dirigibles to dock there was a daring and dangerous job.There were many obstacles the builders faced. One obstacle was the winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would make building very difficult because everything would get blown around. Another obstacle was that ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" That means the builders first had to make the building strong enough to hold the docking place before they could start building the docking place.These two obstacles that the builders faced made building the docking place much harder. It took much longer because they first had to make the frame of the building stronger. Also they had to watch the wind so that they would not get hurt."	3
"The weight was an obstacle they faced. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the to of the building, held by single cable tether, would add stress to the building's Frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's Foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified & strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" The weight of the dirigible would be to heavy for the frame because the frame wasn't made for that much weight. Some dirigible were highly flammable ""Most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" They felt that it was to dangerous because it was located in a densely populated area. The air pressure was another obstacle that was faced. ""Fearing the winds would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other building in the area, which would puncture the dirigibles shell...."" The last obstacle was the law. ""The other particle reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" This law wouldn't allow dirigible to land at the Empire State Building due to its location."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State building face a good amount of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock upon it's mast.The wind proved to be a very big problem for the blimps. Not only would they swing about dangerously when tethered to the mast, that on the few occasions that a dirigible actually approached the Empire state building, they couldn't manuver close enough due to the wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Another thing that stood in the way of the Empire State Building's dock being used was the danger it presented to the buildings and people below. The gas, hydrogen, that dirigibles used to float is highly flammable. ""When the German dirigible was destroyed by fire,... the owners... realized how much worse the accident would have been... above a densely populated area."" The third and final obstacle they faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. ""This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building."" With all that potential danger and to discouragement, it's no wonder the Empire State building was never used for docking dirigibles."	4
"In the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State building, builders were faced with several different obstacles. One obstacle the builders faced was how they were going to modify the building to be able to support a ""thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether,"" because it would add too much stress to the buildings frame. Another obsticle along with the modifications to the buildings' frame was the money. Building this new structure would cost, ""over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications"". One of the most important obsticles however was safety. Although most blimps in the united states use helium, outside countries mainly use hydrogen. Hydrogen, being highly flamable, was absolutely out of the question to be in a city as highly and densely populated as New York. The other safety hazards included the winds which were, ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" because the back of the blimp could not be weighed down and also ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" which would make their attempts not only dangerous, but illegal. In the end, the mooring mast was never completed."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as safety, nature, and law in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The issue of safety became apparent because most dirigibles made outside of the @LOCATION1 were made with highly flammable hydrogen rather than helium. To risk the destruction of one atop such a bustling city would be devastating. Nature too became a problem in the futile attempt of the builders. With such ""Violent air currents"" (¶ @NUM1), the dirigible would swivel around even if it were tied up to the mooring mast. Finally, law was an obstacle to the builders. Existing legislation banned airships from ""flying too low over urban areas"" (¶ @NUM2), meaning the dirigibles would have no way of landing atop the urban building. obstacles such as safety, nature, and law hindered be attempt of allowing dirigibles to land on the Empire State Building."	3
In the @CAPS1, the docking of dirigibles had many issues. One, boarding passengers would be very difficult as the dirigible will @CAPS2 from a gust of wind. Second, the gases used to make afloat are highly flammable, and explode quite easily.	1
The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many obstacles. Allowing dirigibles to dock on the mast would be too complex, which the builders did not realize at first. The most complex obstacle was how the builders were going to securely tie the blimp down without it not only spinning around, but from ripping the building out of its foundation. The constructors also had to worry about if it was safe or not and if it was permitted. Another major obstacle was that not only were the dirigibles too low to the ground to dock, but they were mostly made up of hydrogen instead of helium, which was very flammable. After all the hard work to be successful. Al Smith and his peers had to look out for the best interests of the people of New York.	2
The builders of the Empire State building had numerous obstacles in their way if they planned on allowing dirigibles to dock there. The first and most serious problem was the safety of the passengers as well as pedestrians on the street below. Dirigibles are filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable. In 1937 in New Jersey the dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire. This catastrophe would have been worse if it were take place over the heads of people in New York city.Nature also posed a huge threat to the completion of the docking mast. Due to the air currents on the top of the building the blimp (dirigible) would constantly be shifting. The only way to control the swaying of the blimp would be to use weights to hold the blimp down, which would again put the public at risk.Along with natural hazards it would have been illegal for the blimps to dock at the Empire State building because of an existing law. The idea to allow dirigibles to dock at a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building is completely impractical.	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced some obstacles in there attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. A problem they had was the violent winds blowing the blimp around at a high altitude, with people onboard, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting,"". Another set back was it being illegal to fly an aircraft that low, it was ""illegal for ship to tie up to a building,"". Also it was dangerous for dirigibles that ran on hydrogen to dock because hydrogen is highly flammable. The Mooring Mask of the Empire State Building became nothing More than an attraction for sightseers."	3
"You want me to tell you what they had to go through in attempt to allow dirigibles dock there?! Well to tell you the truth they had to go thourgh a lot, like ""one obstacle the lack of a suitable landing area"", also another ""obstacle I would have to say is nature""! let me tell you why I picked these to obstacles. Keep reading! They want to dock the dirigibles at the empire state building. I say want because there plan did not work to many things was wrong. like the fact that they said ""one obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing"" they couldnt find a good landing area for the dirigibles with out something bad happening. another ""obstacle they had was nature"" I say nature because if the wind blew it can blow away some people. So those are my main obstacles that they had to go through @CAPS1 to allow the dirigibles dock there."	2