essay	domain1_score
The builders of the Empire State Building faced multiple obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, as mentioned in paragraph @NUM1, "a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." The difficulty in having stress from the dirigible's load and the wind pressure is that it would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below.      Wind was another obstacle that the builders had to overcome. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. And even if the dirigible were to be tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using the led weights at the Empire State Building would not be safe, as they would dangle high above pedestrians on the street.	3
Many obstacles occured for the builers of the Empire State building and allowing dirigibles to dock there. One of these obstacles was the mooring mast itself. The winds on top of the Empire State Building were constantly shifting and if the dirigible was tied to the mooring mass it would swivel around the mooring mast. Another obstacle the builders experienced during this process was the already existing law not allowing airships to fly too low over urban areas. Due to the fact that the Empire State building was in New York, an urban area, the dirigable idea would have most likely never worked. The dirigable was unable to fulfill its destiny and the obstacles the builders faced were the main reasons.	3
While attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building, the architects faced many obstacles. Usually, when given an obstacle, you either succeed it or fail it. In this case, these men didn't overcome the obstacle.In the reading, it mentioned that dirigibles from outside the U. S. contained hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and it could cause a lot of damage. Not only to the building itself, but the area of downtown New York as well. Winds at the top of the building were shifting due to air currents. This could cause the dirigibles to circle the mast when even tied down. The architects also had to think about the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The builders didn't realize how complicated the process of even tying down a dirigible would be because of the high winds. Even the process of dropping off newspapers was difficult, and took up too much time. Who would want in enormous steel framed balloons dangling over them anyways?	4
The builders came across many obstacles while trying to build the Empire State building for dirigibles to dock. One obstacle was just having "... a single cable tether." which they went on to say it would add stress to the building so they had to fix that. They choose to modify the frame and strengthen it as well. Another obstacle was having to get the right equipment. They had to go get some information from the @ORGANIZATION2 air station. The last obstacle would be the dirigibles were filled with oxygen instead of Helium. This had meant it was very flammable which was something the must consider. While trying to make this work for the dirigibles they came across building problems, safety, and dangerous problems.	2
When the Empire State Building was @NUM1 conceived, it was planned to be the tallest building. However not many know that the original purpose of the mast was to serve as a landing spot for dirigibles, also known as blimps. In the @DATE1's, dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the future. The Empire State Building was going to have a mooring mast at its top for docking these new airships. However in trying to do this the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some of these dirigibles were as long as one thousand feet, & this is where the first obstacle they faced comes into play. Since the dirigibles were so long the first obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Also the architects could not simply drop a mooring mask on top of the Empire State Building's roof. That plus a @NUM2 ft dirigible moored at the top, we had stressed to the building's fram. This would be another obstacle the workers encountered. The mooring mask was destined to never fulfill its purpose, do to the safety of many people. This was yet another obstacle the workers faced. The final obstacle and the practical reason why dirigibles couldn't moor at the building, was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. These are the many obstacles the builders faced in attempting to dock dirigibles on the Empire State Building.	3
In the article "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, many obstacles of building the Empire State building as a docking station for dirigibles are describle. John Tauranac, the man who came up with the plan to dock dirigibles on the top of the empire state building forgot some very important things to take into account. First the entire building would have to be modified because "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stres to the building's frame" (paragraph @NUM1). The second problem that would need to be solved would be the safety of the city. Many "dirigibles from outside United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." (paragraph @NUM2.). If an accident like German dirigible Hindenburg happened, it would be ten times worse. Lastly, the "violent air currents" (paragraph @NUM3) would pose as one of the greatest obstacles. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles tried to tie up but could not get close enough because of "forceful wind." (paragraph @NUM4). The obstacles of making the empire state building into a mooring mast caused too many obstacles that could not be solved.	3
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in the idea of docking a dirigible to a building of such height.      Dirigibles, mostly outside of the U.S., were made with hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is extremely flamable gas which was very dangerous above a highly populated are such as downtown @LOCATION2. Safety was a major concern an accident like Hindenburg was something they do not want to risk.      The ability of docking a lightweight flyer was also very difficut. With strong winds, after the tethor cable was attached, the back end of the air craft would be blown around making the aviator of the blimp hard to control.      Also, a law stating aircrafts may not fly too low to the buildings was stated especially after the incodent of hindenburg in New Jersey. A blimp could possibly hit a spire of another building     The reality of docking these lightweight aircrafts was a major saftey and difficult concern. These obstacles are what builders of the empire state building faced.	4
In the excerpt, there where many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The problems where that the dirigible being "held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame", and the wind pressure wouldn't help either, as stated in @CAPS1 @NUM1. Another issue was that, as said in @CAPS1 @NUM2, "most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium",... "hydrogen is highly flammable", Also in the @CAPS1 @NUM2, "The owners of the empire state building realized how much worse," a accident could be "if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as down town New York. These are the problems the builders faced.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced @CAPS1 obstacles in allowing Dirigibles to dock. The most blatant one was the height at which they would dock. Al Smith states "The Empire State would reach the height of @NUM1 feet," @CAPS1 Dirigibles from outside the U.S. Were extremly Flammable. If one caught fire while moored to the top of the Empire state building the results would have been catastrophic because it would happen over a densly populated area. Another obstacle was wind. If the ship was tethered to the mast the back of it would constantly Swivel around. USing led weights to secure the back would not be safe or practical. The last one was a law that made flying a dirigible too low over a urban area illegal. No Ship would be allowed to fly over downtown New York.	3
The architects of the Empire State building ran into many problems attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. One of the main causes was nature. Winds/air current was a big risk. "Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigible on to the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigibles shall..." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This was a problem that no one could fix, no one can controll wind. Another big impact in the bunch of the mooring mast was law. "The other practical reason why the dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This law would make it impossible to ever make it a full use of transportation. These obstacles architects couldn't overcome, and the original idea for the project was soon forgotten.	2
Marcia Amidon Lüsted, author of "The Mooring Mast," highlights not only the safety hazards that the Empire State Building builders encountered while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, but also a factual aspect dealing with laws and violations that solidified the failure of such transportation. Normally dirigibles would moore in open landing fields and then weighted down to ensure that they would @CAPS1 motionless on the ground, but since the builders of the Empire @CAPS1 Building are tempted to dock dirigibles @NUM1 feet in the air, nature and airspace laws come in to play. The Empire State Building rising 102 floors high was a feat in and of itself; the vision of dirigibles docking at such height by builders was maimed by both the forces of actual nature and legal disputes. The fact that dirigibles would have to dock at the top of the Empire State Building was not approved by nature. the winds in the airspace @NUM1 feet in the air were not only strong but constantly shifting due to violent air currents so forceful that even "the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles... could not get close enough to tie up. It was too much of a safety hazard and gamble to more a dirigible with winds not cooperating. The most factual and practical problem builders faced with the idea of docking dirigibles atop the Empire State building dealt with a violation of an airspace law. The existing law banned "air ships from flying too low over urban areas," meaning that legally it was a potential safety hazard to direct and dock a dirigible that high in the air. Without certainty for success, the operation of docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building was halted in the late 1930s. Although the builders of the great Empire State Building could build at @NUM1 foot sky scraper the attempt to dock dirigibles upon the building failed mainly because of safety hazards.	3
If the Empire State Building were to dock dirigibles, there would be many problems in the way. They had a lack of landing area for an almost one-thousand foot blimp. This dirigible being held by a single tether to the Empire State Building would put a large amount of stress on the building's structure risking a possible collapse if continued. If they were to use the Empire State Building, They would have to modifiy it and use thousands of dollars in the process. Even then if the dirigible held onto the Building, the back of the blimp would sway with the high winds and that might risk the safety of the passengers. All in all the idea of landing a dirigible on a gigantic building is just a bad idea	3
The firsts obstacles was to make the Empire State building the worlds tallest building by adding a top or a hat to make the building a little more taller. And second obstacle was to drop people from the mooring mast to the Empire State building's flat roof.	1
In the @DATE1's people did not have technology like we had today, they didnt know what they were really even doing. when the architecks were builing The @CAPS1 state builing they had many problems. First they couldnt just drop a mast on there because as they said in the story the roof was not flat. Next it said a thousand foot drop would add stress to the frame and last they had to change the frame from steel to glass and they also had to change the roof. All in all men in the @DATE1's had a lot of work to do while building the Empire State Building.	1
The Empire State building was not a good place to attach a blimp to. One reason why it never worked out was because of safety issues. In every country except the @PERSON1, dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable and shouldn't be flown over a densely populated area. Another obstacle the architects would have to face is the wind speeds at that height. The constantly changing winds would make the blimp need to be tied down on the front and back. Next they would need to make sure the mooring mast was high enough to surpass the law against low-flying over urban areas. The biggest issue was how they never finished their plans. Even after @NUM1 dollars worth of modifications the building was not finished.	3
In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obsticles. In order for the dirigibles to anchor there, a mooring mast must be added. The architects then had to find a way to add "a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building" without adding stress to the buildings frame. "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was the nature itself". Architects knew that they could not control the weather, and this worried them. Another obsticle the builders faced was the "law against airships flying too low over urban areas". If dirigibles were able to reach the building something could go wrong. Builders "feared that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area". The obsticles the builders faced soon became pointless when "the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared".	4
In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, by the author @ORGANIZATION1, the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building @CAPS1 in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State buildings flat roof. They were going to attach a single cable tether, but it would add stress to the buildings frame. They had to make the frame of the building stronger, which the desinged a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless stell tower that would illuminated from inside. When they tried it the wind was to strong, constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. They also couldnt due it because there was a law that airships flying to low over urban areas.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that the architects faced was the stress the cable tether would put onto the building's foundation. In paragraph @NUM1, Lüsted mentions, "The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation." A very expensive problem to fix. Another challenge the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their was the lack of safety. Dirigibles from outside of the United States used Hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. In paragraph @NUM2 Lüsted says, "The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse [an] accident could [be] if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." The number 1 obstacle builders faced was nature itself. The violent winds on top of the building were constantly shifting. In paragraph @NUM3 Lüsted reasons. "Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast." This would be neither practical nor safe. The obstacles the builders faced were to egregious, so the idea had quietly disappeared	4
The obstacles that the builders of the empire State building was really difficult. The worker had to make sure that the building was'nt so tall that it would so tilt. The workers also faced competition They needed there building to be the biggest and they didn't give up until there building was in fooy the tallest building in @CAPS1.	0
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles faced was making sure that the people below would not get hurt. If something happened to fall, someone could get hurt. Another obstacle faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. That's the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	1
In the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1 wanted to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building for refueling and services and to let passengers off and on. However, the builders of the Empire State Building went through many obstacles to allow this to happen. "The architects and engineers of the Empire State Building consulted with experts, taking tours of the equipment and mooring operations at the @ORGANIZATION3 in Lakehurst, New Jersey" (¶@NUM1). They had to meet with experts and analyze if that was going to be a successful idea. "The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it's purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed....the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself" (¶'s @NUM2 & @NUM3). Another obstacle that the builders had to deal with was nature. the winds up there were very strong, therefore the idea of docking dirigibles on the Empire State Building was not successful.	2
When the idea of creating a moring post for dirigibles on top of the empire state building there were several problems engeneers failed to reconize. The first was the problem of using highly flamable hydrogen to fill the dirigibles. The Hindenburg accident showed how horible it is one one of these explodes. The situation would have been much worse had it been over @NUM1 stories in the air. Secondly violent wind gusts would have made it  imposible to dock the dirigible atop the building, especially when the use of custimary lead weights would be both unsafe and not pratical. Lastly there was a law imposed before this project was ever a thought making it unlawful to fly any airship that low to an urban area.	3
In the short story, "The Mooring Mast," there were obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there. One problem was that the dirigible's load and the wind pressure on the building's foundation. "The stress of the dirigible's load into the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." @CAPS1, this was a big obstacle for the landing process of the dirigibles.Another problem they had was that dirigibles use hydrogen, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If it had caught fire, it would not have been good for a populated city. "The Mooring Mast  of the Empire State Building was destined never to fulfill it's purpose. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." If the dirigible caught the building on fire, many people's lives would be in complete danger. In conclusion, the Mooring Mast did not work out for many reasons, but safety and the dirigible's load and wind pressure on the building's foundation were two big obstacles for allowing dirigibles to dock.	4
There were many obstacles builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they faced was that some dirigibles were @NUM1 feet long which was four blocks in New York City. This was an obstacle because it would add stress to the buildings' frame when it was attached by single tether. In order for this to happen the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be strengthened and modified. The next obstacle they faced was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. For example, in the excerpt it said that the U.S. navy dirigible Los @CAPS1 approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of the forceful winds. Also the captain could not even take his hands off the lever. The next obstacle they faced was the safety issue. The builders of said the dirigibles are weighted down by lead but if they did that it would be a safety issue. It would be a safety issue since the dirigible would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street. The last obstacle they faced was the law against flying to low over urban areas. It would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even approach the area.	4
While planning this architectural masterpiece, builders faced many obstacles. This plan to have a mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building definitely did not fulfill expectations. The first big problem was the large amounts of stress to the framework of the building when the zepplins would be moored to the top, also the amount of pull would impact the foundation as well. The second problem was the cost to modify the skyscraper to meet the needs to not stress the framework. Safety was a huge issue as well; most blimps are filled with hydrogen which is a highly flammable gas, also if it were to explode it is floating over one of the largest cities in the country. With New @CAPS1 geographical positioning the wind is very strong off the ocean, these violent air currents constantly shift directions which could cause the zepplin to crash into the building. The final obstacle was the law against airships, they could not fly to low over highly populated urban cities.	4
In a desperate attempt to revolutionize the way people traveled, the idea of the mooring was not thought over as well as it should have been. The number of problems and obstacles mounted higher and higher with the idea of mooring airships to a new mast atop the Empire State Building. One of these main obstacles was, while an airship was tethered to the building it would add stress, "The stress of dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation". Another obstacle faced with the mooring mast was one of safety. Dirigibles not from the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, which is Highly flammable. Another obstacle to the construction was nature itself, with high, shifting winds due to violent air currents, a dirigible tethered to the mast would swivel around and around the Empire State Building, the only way to prevent this would be to tie the lead weights to the rear end, but massive dangling weights, hanging over one thousand feet above the public, was not the safest idea. A last obstacle that was faced with the fact that there was an existing law that prevented airships from flying too low over urban areas. These were all obstacles that should have been thought through and realized before construction for the Empire State building's mooring mast ever begin.	4
In the nonfiction excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by @PERSON1, the architects faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle the architects faced was the lack of a suitable landing area. There was nowhere to land the blimps. "A mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refuling or service, and to let passengers on and off." This quote is saying that they needed to build a mooring mass to overcome the obstacle. The second obstacle they faced was the architects couldnt just drop a mooring mass on top of the building. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by single cable wether, would add stress to the buildings frame." This quote is saying the stress of the load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted and the still frame of the building would have to modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation. The third obstacle which was the greatest obstacle was the successful use of the mooring mast. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This quote is saying the nature of the mooring mass itself was dangerous because the back of the ship would swevel around the mooring mass. This made the mass unsafe. Those three obstacles were what the architects faced in order to build the mooring mass, in which to compete having the highest building in the world.	3
Builders trying to allow dirigibles to dock ontop of the empire state building faced problems. The dirigibles waight and the wind pressure would add stress to the Building. Wich @CAPS1 to be transmitted more then @NUM1 ft down to the buildings foundation. Construction wasn't the only problem. Most @CAPS2-American dirigibles are held afloat by hellium wich is extremely flammable and if it was @CAPS3 over busy + crowded New York streets many people could have been killed. Nature added to the problems. Wind currents had the pottential to push dirigibles Into @CAPS4 buildings, causing them to pop. The finall problem was @CAPS5 already implace wich didn''t allow low flying aircrafts. Builders faced Problems with Nature, @CAPS5, safety, and construction wich lead to the demise of the use of the mooring system.	3
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Another obstacle would have to be that the builders didn't check the laws of the city because an aircraft can fly that low over urban areas such as New York City so this law prevented and made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. The last obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced with public safety and this was the greatest reason. This project with the public in danger because if a dirigible went down in flames over a highly populated city like New York city it would be catastrophic! For example the German dirigible the Hindenburg did in lakehurst, New Jersey then the accident would be much worse & many people would die.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow drigibles to dock there. For one, most drigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable, so it could explode. For instance, on May 6, 1937 the German drigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. There is no predicting that that could never happen again. The greatest obstacle in attempting drigibles to dock there was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents and even if it was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Drigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using them at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the streets wasn't practical and not safe. Another reason is because there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas, due to fear over the wind, blowing the drigible in to other buildings in the area which would puncture the drigible's shell and cause a lot of damage.	4
The people who were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State went through many obstacles. They would first have to modify and strengthened the buildings frame to accommodate this new situation. The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself. After doing all of that work they then found out that the mast of the Empire State building would never work. The greatest reason was saftey. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. By the late 1930's the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared. Dirigibles instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes.	3
The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted describes the problems that the builders of the Empire State Building faced like the amount of stress that the dirigibles would add to the frame of the building. safety issues and laws, and the winds around the mast. Any dirigible would add on tremendous stress to the already constructed frame of the building and builders had to complete "over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications." These changes were quickly made, but safety concerns such as a potential fire or "flying too low over urban areas", (which was actually illegal), still prevailed. The "greatest obstacle" of building the mast was the violent winds that surrounded the Empire State Building. These winds were "constantly shifting", making it virtually impossible to stay in one spot without swiveling around the building. In a city as densely populated as New York, it also wasn't even an option to weigh down dirigibles for landing. This list of obstacles is a clear sign that the mooring mast was not properly thought about before construction started. The builders should have focused more on what they had done instead of trying to outdo the expectations of all and do something as "a higher calling."	4
Builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow Dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. Between @CAPS1, saftey, and nature, there was no way this idea could ever work. Although the idea was good it was very impracticle.     Saftey was a major problem with this idea. Most Dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium which is more flammable. If the Dirigibles ever broke out into flames over New York City it would burn the whole place down and kill thousands.      Nature was another big problem. The winds on top of the Empire State Building were shifting all the time. The ship would swivel around the moorings mast. The Dirigibles usually moored in fields and used black lead weights to weigh them down. The weights dangling above peoples heads was very dangerous.     Building the mooring mast was very dangerous and impracticle. It never happened due to saftey and now serves as a tea and soda area for use of sight seers.	3
It is clear that there were problems in trying to dock dirigibles on the Empire state Building. The first reason's that, the law against flying airships to low over the Empire State Building made it hard to do so. Next is that the thoughtes in being unsafe because some dirigibles use hydrogen instead of helium and hydrogen is flammable A big reason is when the german dirigible got destryed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building then realized how much more worse the accident could have been if it had happened on such a densely populated area suched as downtown New York City. The last reason was the thought that they would use lead weights to hold the dirigibles down, but they realized that it wasn't practical nor was it safe. It was clear that there were problems in the docking of dirigibles on the Empire State building; but it is probably a much safer choice for both the residents/citizens of New York and all of the people who ever work(ed) on it such as architects, engineers and the aviation pioners.	3
There was many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that a lot of dirigibles outside the @LOCATION4 use hydrogen over helium. The problem was hydrogen is highly flammable, "when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densley populated area such as downtown New York City." @CAPS1 can only imagine how tragic and chaotic that would have been. Another obstacle the builders faced was nature. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting do to violent air currents. That would've meant that these dirigibles could just have got swept back. In conclusion there was several obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced such as the high winds, and how they could dock the dirigibles when it is against the law to fly an aircraft to low near urban areas. one obstacle the builders faced was the safety of the dirigibles anchoring above busy streets filled with people and high winds. Most dirigibles out of the United States used hydrogen rather then helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable, so any foreign dirigible that was anchored at the Empire State building would cause a safety issue because the high winds at the top of the building could cause an accident to occur causing the dirigible to blow up and potentially endanger pedestrians. Another obstacle the builders faced is the law that made it illegal for dirigibles to ever dock at building because it was illegal for aircrafts to fly to low near urban areas and it would have been a long process to ever get the government to let them.	3
Even beginning to build the dock of the empire state building was A mistake. What first appeared to be a worthwhile And realistic idea ended up being potentially horrific if it failed. One obsticle the builders faced in Attempt to Allow dirigibles to dock there was the law that did not Allow airships flying low over urban areas. It would be even illegal to continuously have ships closely over pedestrians. Another obstacle they fased where the unsafeness of it All. The winds A that height Are constantly different And could cause the Dirigibles to move Around. Having Airships dock at the empire state building was potentially dangerous As well As illegal.	2
The obstacles that builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock had some consequences. One of the obstacles to there expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Also, the Architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire state buildings flat roof because a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. The greatest obstacle to successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The last obstacle why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds	4
During the process of building the Empire State Building, the builders had to go through obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on it. Some of these obstacles were changing the design of the building, thinking about the safety of people, and the material the dirigibles were made of. Since a thousand-foot dirigible that moored at the top of the building would add stress to the building's frame, the steel frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened. Over sixty thousand dollars work of modifications had to be spent. A dirigible was a steel framed  balloon with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium. This was a safety issue; Most dirigibles used hydrogen, rather than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. A German dirigible was destroyed by fire, and the owners of the Empire State Building realzed how bad an accident like that could be over downtown New York. During construction of the Empire State Building, builders had to go through many obstacles just to attempt to allow dirigible to dock there.	3
In an attempt to allow dirigibles, otherwise known as zeppelins or blimps to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles along the way. Al Smith stated "... engineers here in New York [are] trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement" (paragraph @NUM1). First, they would not drop a mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof. This would add too much stress to the frame and it would have to be modified to accommodate this new situation" (paragraph @NUM2). Another obstacle was that most dirigibles outside of the @LOCATION2 use hydrogen, which is very flammable. When the "Hindenburg" was destroyed by fire, "the owners... realized how much worse that could have been if it had taken place above a densly populated area such as downtown New York" (paragraph @NUM3). The most significant obstacle was "nature itself" (paragraph @NUM4). Due to violent air currents, "the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting" (paragraph @NUM4) in open areas, dirigibles could be weighted down by lead weights, but this poses a threat to pedestrians on the street, as the weights would be dangling above them. Lastly, there was "an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM6). This law makes docking at the Empire State building illegal The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there.	4
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The most influentiel obstacle was nature. According to the passage, "the Winds at the top of the building were constantly Shifting." This would make it hard for dirigibles to dock in the first place. If they even succeeded in docking then the back of the dirigibles would shift and float around. The only way to solve that would be to add weights to the back of the dirigibles. Then weights would be floating high above the heads of pedestrians, which "was neither practical or safe."Another huge obstacle in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock was the law. At that time there was a law against any kind of aircraft to "fly too low over urban areas." As the passage clarifies "This law would make it illegal for a ship took even tie up to the building or even approach the area." @CAPS1, the mooring mast idea was dropped.	3
As a result of the idea to build a mooring mast, the builder faced a few obstacles in construction the mast. The first problem was structural, the weight of the dirigible tied it with a single tie would put great stress on the building. It was said between the dirigible's load and wind pressure the stress would be distributed all the way to foundation of the building. Another obstacle was the safety. Many dirigibles outside the United States used Hydrogen instead of Helium which is highly flamable. The owners realized the "Hindenburg" incident and realized the effects it could of had on downtown New York. The final obstacle was nature because the winds shifted at the top of the building. The problem discussed on this was despite the dirigibles being tied, it could swivel around the mast. The many obstacles faced led to the mooring mast not being constructed to its full purpose and blimps were less commodly used.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a few problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The @CAPS1 problem was the issue of safety. Most dirigibles @CAPS2 using highly Flammable gases such as hydrogen. This could be a detrimental problem if the dirigible ever caught fire above New York's public. Another problem was working with nature. There were violent air currents constantly shifting atop the building, causing the back of ships to swivel around the mooring mast. The dirigibles couldn't simply be weighed down in the back, because that would be a safety hazard. The last problem builders faced was the law. At the time, there was an existing law against airships flying too low over cities. To tie up a ship to the Empire State Building would be considered illegal.	3
Whenever architectural work is put in act, thoughts of the potential consequences should be thought out beforehand. In "The Mooring Mast," the builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The blimps consist of dangerous chemicals and, "most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium," and hydrogen is extremely flammable. A possibility of flames could result in a ruined building, and even worse, a destroyed city. Although fires were a problem to consider, "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself." This building is extremely high in the sky, therefore the winds get quite brutal. If a blimp was tied to the mast, the back of the ship continuously swivel and ruin the fabric of the aircraft. A mooring mast was just not a bright idea for a large city like New York. The population was too large, and the area was too crowded. The obstacles the architects faced were serious, and they helped the team to kill the idea of allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building.	4
In the excerpt, The Mooring @CAPS1 by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building had a hard task on their hands. They were building the tallest building in the world and when Al Smith, the head in the construction of the building, said to make it taller things got even more difficult. Mainly because they wanted this newfound height to be used as a dock for dirigibles. What they didn't know is that it is a little more difficult than just tying up a blimp to a building. They had many obstacles at hand. The architects would have to modify the building because a thousand-foot dirigible moored on the building would add stress to the building. Dirigibles used hydrogen which is extremely flamable, if it were to catch on fire in downtown New York it would be desasterous. Nature poses a threat as well, the winds on  top of the building would cause the dirigible to swivle around. The final obstacle is there is a law that prohibits airships to fly to low in urban areas. In the end the plan failed.	3
There are many obstacles that the builders face when creating the empire state building.  First off the height of the building more come into question as much and there were to many discussions about the Top of the building.  The empire state buildings first goal was to be the future of city they wanted to food people onto blimp.  another problem is where really is know way to get the blimp steady enough to stick to the building and the large aircrafts are not suppose to fly back close to the building because other building are around.  In conclusion, they did face many problems.	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. There were two main ones: Safety and Nature.The builders should have realized that the idea wasn't safe, before building. Most dirigibles from other countries use hydrogen instead of helium, which was highly flammable. An accident over densely populated New York would be bad.The biggest obstacle was nature. There were violent air currents that caused constantly shifting winds at the top of the building. This would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mooring mast.There was also an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This means it would be illegal to tie a dirigible up to the building, anyway.	3
The builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 many obstacles in order to allow dirigibles to dock there. To start off, there was a lack of suitable landing area. This was a tough obstacle because the builders needed to think of a place that extremely large dirigibles could land while in a crowded place like New York City. Next, was figuring out a safe way of getting the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building. This was another tough obstacle because if the mast was just placed on the top of the building, it would add stress to the building's Frame, which is dangerous. Lastly, and most importantly, was the problem of nature. At the top of the building there were constantly shifting wings due to violent air currents. This was an extremely dangerous obstacle because the winds could cause the dirigibles to be constantly moving and shaking. Also, if they were weighted down by lead weights to prevent them from being affected by the wind, the weights would be dangling above pedestrians on the street. To allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders @ORGANIZATION1 many different obstacles.	4
There are a couple of obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of these obstacles is that it would add stress to the building's Frame. For example, in paragraph @NUM1 it says, "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". Another obstacle was that the steel would have to be modified. "The steel of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." These are some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to alow dirigibles to dock there.	2
In The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The Mast was doomed to fail before it began. The greatest reason the mast never worked was because of safety. The hydrogen, in most dirigibles, is highly flammable. If an accident were to occur, it would happen over down town New York. "The owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it taken place above a densely populated area." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Nature itself was one of the greatest obstacles to the successful use of the Mast. Violent air currents and horse winds made it difficult to fly a dirigible near the building. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) The Mooring Mast was doomed to fail before they began building it. The greatest reasons for its failure were air currents and safety. The dirigibles were never able to land there.	3
The builders that were attempting to build a dock on the Empire State Building, had to face many obstacles. First, the girigibles were similar to huge ballons, @CAPS1 they were composed with hydrogen and helium. In the expert it says, "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than, helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." (pg @NUM1.) @CAPS1, if a dirigible caught on fire while it was stationed near the Empire State building, it may also catch the Empire State Building on fire. Resulting in a hazardous environment for the employees, and passengers.Next, attempting to tie down a dirigibles to a building, is known to be illegal. On the expert it states, "The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.". If anyone disobayed this law it may result in punishment; as a result, it would create a new obstacle the builders would have to deal with.Last but not least, the idea of docking airships to a building is extremely unsafe. "The @CAPS2 Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted gives an excellent third reason why airships are unsafe, "Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigibles onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell." If a disaster ever took place, many lifes would have been lost or severely injuried. Finally, the builders and architect would have an extremely hard time convincing high government officials to allw air ships to dock on the empire state building, because the bad certainly over powers the good.	4
The main obstical was to be the tallest building in the world. That all changed to being able to have a mooring mast so blimps can land on it to drop-off/pick up passengers and refule. They had "@NUM1 thousand dollars" in renovations to sturdy the structure of the tower. they couldnt make the foundations sturdy enough to hold the weight of an @NUM2 foot ship + cargo.	2
According to "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced three main obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. The first obstacle was concern of public safety. Dirigibles from outside the U.S used hydrogen, which is a highly flammable element. An accident in a densely populated area like New York could be catastrophic. The second obstacle were the violent winds on top of the building. Using lead weights to tie down dirigibles was not practical, because they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street. A mishap would send those heavy weights flying down and causing destruction. The third obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made the idea of allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building illegal and out of question	3
The builders faced some problems such as weather conditions. The winds were violent from changing wind currents. Another was the law of how close an aircraft could be to a building. Another problem was the building had to be strong enough to hold a blimp in place. The builders would have to strengthen the buildings skeleton in order for it to work. This they did. Another problem is some foreign Blimps are made with hydrogen. This makes them highly flamable. With others made of helium. The hydrogen could catch fire and fall onto pedestrians. These are the problems they faced.	3
On December 11, 1929, Al Smith Announced that the Empire State building would be reaching the height of 1,250 feet; taller then the previous largest building, the Chrysler Building. Smith made the building taller by adding a top or a hat. John @CAPS1 described this as "[The top of the empire State Building] would be more than an ornament... The empire state building would be equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of a few aviation pioneers" (pg 1). This dream consisted of having a mooring mass at the top of the building to dock dirigible, or blimbs. However, many obsticles emerged the more they began to plan this, such as the amount of stress it would add to the buildings frame, the use of hydrogen opposed to helium, and simply nature itself. "A thousand-foot drigible held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame... The Empire State building would have to... [have] over @MONEY1 worth of modifications (pg @NUM1). "Most diribles from outside of the U.S used hydrogen... and hydrogen is highly flammable (pg @NUM1)". "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents... they would be dangling high above pedestrians... that was neither safe nor practical"	3
The emire state building faced alot of obstacles and challenges while it was being built. The builders built a rocket shaped mast so the dirigible could be housed in the shaft itself. Which also had elevators so people could go down to the lobby. The building would now be 102 floors. The glassed observation room would be on the 101st floor.	0
The builders of the Empire State Building had hopes of making this building a dock for dirigibles but were faced with several obstacles. Starting in paragraph @NUM1 the aspiration of the mast on the Empire State Building made the plan seem well put together and it would soon become a reality. As the project progressed many details went looked over and when the dirigibles were ready to take action the plan was not something forageable. Stated in paragraph @NUM2, safety was a huge issue for the dirigibles made outside of the United States, because they contained the flamable gas hydrogen. This is a problem because of the fear of an accident occuring in a  highly populated area. Another obsticle dirigibles faced while trying to have a dock on the Empire State Building was nature itself as presented in paragraph @NUM3. The winds on the top of the building had violent currents that were constantly shifting. The problem with the air would have the dirigibles constantly spinning around the building by its back end. This made it unsafe for passengers to get on and of and also the cargo. The greatest obstacle for dirigibles trying to dock on the Empire State Building is the existing law against flying too low over urban areas, which is found in paragraph @NUM4. By a dirigible docking it would be directly breaking the law.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. The steel frame of the Building needed to be modified and strengthened to make a place for dirigibles to dock. Also, over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made. The last obstacle builders had was that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame. It was not easy for builders to build a mooring mast on top of the highest building that was one thousand two hundred fifty feet, but the architects reached their point by designing the mooring mast.	3
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One was the architects couldn't drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. The thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The second problem was the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation. The third problem was the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation. It was over sixty thousand dollars worth to make the buildings framework. But unfortunately all the problems were unsolved and the height made it desirable to postpon to a later date but instead of becoming the transportation of the future, they had been given away to airplanes.	3
When the Empire State building was built they came accross some problems with letting the dirigibles dock there. Some reasons are when the dirigibles were made they werent made to go high. So when the Empire State building went up the dirigible had a slight problem. Most dirigibles that are made out of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. But, hydrogen is highly flameable.	1
Builders had to face obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The biggest obstacle is that it is unsafe to have it dangling over the city and thousands of pedestrians. The dirigibles would be held by a single cable tether and that would add a lot of stress on the buildings frame. Another big obstacle they faced was nature. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." Over @MONEY1 would be needed for this to happen.	2
In "The Mooring Mast" by @PERSON1 there are many reasons that a proper, working Mast was impossible. there were natural reasons and mechanical reasons. As well as time and safety. Nature played a key role in this project. The winds around the building "were constantly shifting" because of the location of the building. When the to blimps attempted to go near to test it out One was too unstable to dock and the other through paper down a rope "after this stunt the idea of the mooring mast was shelved." @CAPS1 replaced the blimps over time and blimps wher flammable and dangerouse. Also, flying at that hight is illegal.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. While designing the mast, the architects faced problems including wind pressure, safety, and practicality. The frame was not strong enough to undergo the stress and wind pressure from the load of the dirigible. The foundation of the building, which was approximately @NUM1 feet below, would have had to be strengthened and modified if it was going to be able to handle the movement of the dirigible attached by a single cable tether. Safety was the greatest obstacle that the builders faced most dirigibles used hydrogen to make them lighter than the air. However, this hydrogen was highly flammable causing many dangers. Since New York City is such a thickly settled area, the risk of a fire was too dangerous to take. Finally, instead of dirigibles landing in open fields they would have to dock eleven hundred feet above the ground in the words of Marcia Amidon Lüsted, "using these (dirigibles) at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."	4
The builders faced many obstacles while building a mast for dirigibles on the Empire State building. One was that the had to strengthen the foundation so that all the stress on the buildings structure wouldn't tear it apart. Also the fact it was impractical for a dirigible mast because shifting currents and winds would either make it impossible to land or would circle the blimp around and hit buildings. The workers faced these obstacles and finally realized that they couldn't do it.	2
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1 faced many problems with the attempt to allow blimps to dock their. One problem was that the already constructed frame was not strong enough for a new mooring mast for blimps. A second problem is shown in the quote "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents..." (Lüsted para. @NUM1). The weather at the height of the Empire State building would throw and move blimps in violent ways when trying to dock. The push of the winds even caused the threat of blimp being blown into a spire on a surrounding building, the threat is shown in the quote "which would puncture the dirigibles shell" (Lüsted para @NUM2). That is what could happen if a blimp tried to tether to the building. The builders also faced the laws about flying that low over an urban area. All in all the builders of the Empire state building did face a many problems while trying to allow blimps access to the building.	3
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders faced quite a few problems. They faced on constructing the building. They didn't know if they could built it all. They also faced a bad climate, and faced on how much did the dirigibles weighted and if they can hold it. On paragraph fourteen it says "Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights." These are a few things that the workers had to face	1
Many obstacles were established for the workers, in allowing dirigibles dock on the Empire State Building. At first they thought they knew what they were doing, they were wrong. The workers first obstacle was to make docking at the Empire State building safe. However it was hard to make that happen because it was above civilians and if it ever dropped the resolt would be extremely serious. The second obstacle that got in their way was the wind pressure. It would of caused an un reliable support of the mast which would screw up the docking of the dirigible. Finally the dirigible is the last peice to the puzzle with disaster. In the section The Fate of The Mast it gives that the dirigible is run on hydrogen which is extremely flammable. Just that sentence alone establishes that it is not safe for the enviroment. By far many obstacles got in the way of the process of the mast. But docking was a whole different idea. Many obstacles had gotten in the way of the builders in attempting dirigibles to dock there.	3
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were mostly due to the dangers of violent winds at such an altitude that may cause the aircraft to crash either into the building or down to the ground. For example two blimps attempted the docking and one of them could not come close to the building because of winds. The other was able to deliver a bundle of newspapers hoisted down by a rope. In conclusion, the main problem was the unstability of the aircraft being docked.	2
There were several obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in allowing dirigibles to dock there One problem is that if they were to tie a single cable tether to the building & the blimp then it would add stress to the buildings frame. The stress of the blimps load, and wind pressure had to have been sent all the way to the base of the building which was @DATE1 ft. below. Another problem that aroused later was that other blimps outside the United States were made w/hydrogen rather than helium, hydrogen is highly flamable. Now since the German blimp, the Hindenburg, blew up by fire over @CAPS1, New Jersey, architectes are now worried that it will be a bad idea to do this b/c if it happened over @LOCATION3 city then many more lives would be in danger. Also yet another obstacle came up due to nature itself. The winds @ the top of the building were constantly changing due to violent wind currents. Even if the blimp was tethered to the mooring mast, the rear end of the blimp would be all over the place. Thats why now, blimps dock on the ground and are held down by weights on @NUM1 sides. One other reason that this is a problem is that docking a blimp @ the Empire State Building would be illegal due to the case that it is flying to low to the ground. This law also makes it illegal for the blimp to dock on to the building.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a myriad of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." This means that any little spark inside the dirigible would send it up in flames. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents.' This proves that having the dirigible docked up there would be very dangerous and would call for weights to be used to anchor the back of the dirigible. "The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire State building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." This symbolizes that it is against the law to have an airship that close to a highly populated area. The idea of docking dirigibles at the empire state building were ignored.	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock. For example the building had to be reframed because its original frame could not support the weight of a dirigible on top it. Also the materials inside dirigibles are highly flammable so an accident above an urban area thats highly popuated would have been costly/fatal. Another obstacle was the wind, since the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents the dirigible would be swiveling around and unstable, thus making the idea for docking dirigibles on top of the empire state building unpractical and unsafe.	3
In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing area. So Al Smith thought putting a mooring mast at the top of the building, would allow dirigibles to dock there several hours. It would allow the dirigibles to refuel or get serviced and let passengers on and off. Another obstacle would be how the dirigible would be moored. It would be held by a single cable tether, which would add stress to the frame of the building. The stress of the load and wind pressure would have to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which was about eleven hundred feet below. Third obstacle would be using hydrogen or helium. If they used hydrogen it is highly flammable, and the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire. Those are some of the obstacles the builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
Based on the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast", by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there. The builders of the Empire State Building failed to realized that building the mast would create too many problems and safety risks. Without thinking about the obstacles, the mooring mast also had problem on its own anyways. According to the excerpt, one of its greatest obstacle was "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This resulted to being a problem because the dirigible could go anywhere, not landing in the mast properly and cause damage. With this problem also came risks for pedestrians who are on the streets. The dirigibles "...could be weighted down in the back with lead weights" because it used open landing fields. This was not a good idea to be using these at the Empire State Building. Another thing builders should have considered was that there was a law in place already that is "...against airships flying too low over urban areas." All in all, there were alot of things that builders should have considered before attempting to allow dirigible to dock there	3
Based on the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast," by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the first problems they faced was not being able to land. "The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York was the lack of suitable landing area." (@CAPS1 6). This was a major problem because they had nowhere to land this object; this cannot modernize their traveling.Another problem that the builders faced was safety. "Most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This caused a problem because how were dirigibles from other countries visit us if they caused a threat to the safety of the people. They were not going to take that risk.A third problem was nature and the weather. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) The blimps had a very unsteady landing The winds would thrash them around. This was very unsafe @CAPS5 thats why it became an obsticale for the builders.	3
In this excerpt from "The Mooring Mast", @ORGANIZATION2 describes the architectural, chemical, and legal challenges that prevented the construction of a mooring dock for dirigibles on the top of the Empire State Building. Despite the readiness of then- @CAPS1 Al Smith, who publicly announced the plan, and of John Tauranac, who reported that the top of the Empire State Building "would serve a higher calling [than] to add a desired few feet," @ORGANIZATION2 contends that the failure of the mast "should have been apparent before it was ever constructed".According to the article, the mast, and a moored dirigible, "would add stress to the building's frame." More than sixty thousand dollars was spent to accommodate the pressure. Foreign dirigibles also contained hydrogen, which was more flammable than American-used helium. An explosion above the Empire State Building would be devastating to the city. An existing law prevented dirigibles from "even approach[ing]" the building. @ORGANIZATION2 uses these reasons to detail the unrealistic nature of the mooring mast.	3
The Mooring @CAPS1 the excerpt The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. Building a mast is more complicated than you would think, they had to take alot of things into consideration like the dirigible's load and the wind pressure. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework". Just when the builders thought they were done Al Smith adds a 250 foot Mooring Mast to the top of the Empire State building. The builders had to go through alot of obstacles and challenges to complete this project, but they did.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems in attempting to dock dirigibles on the mast. One major problem was that the original Empire State Building, "...could not simply drop a mooring mast," on the top of the building because the "...single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation..." Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's frame work. One reason dirigibles were never docked on the mooring mast was due to "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current." This makes it impossible for dirigibles to even approach the mass without being impaled by other buildings. There was also, "...an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." This made it illegal to even dock airships on top of the Empire State Building. Dirigibles contain hydrogen which is "highly flammable." If the Hindenburg incident had taken place in New York, the accident would have been "much worse." These reasons contributed to the builders' problems, and explain why the mooring mast was never used.	4
When Al Smith wanted to make a dock on the Empire State Building he wasnt really thinking straight. That was a horrible idea. Passengers would risk their lifes going on and off the dirigibles. He probably wasnt thinking about safety things and just was going for looks. The obstacles he would encounter words death from idiots that would go up there, weather, and @CAPS1. The weather was a huge factor because if it were to be windy it could through the dirigibles to go off course and crash. The @CAPS1 to make this landing pad would be crazy too because they would have to buy all the floats and make a landing station. @ORGANIZATION2 wasnt in a smart guy for letting dirigibles for landing.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles, including nature, safety, and the law, when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders' first imediate concern was for the structure of the building. When moured, the dirigible "would add stress to the building." To counteract this added weight, the building would need to be modified and strengthened. The builders were also worried about safety after a German dirigible was destroyed in a fire. Since the gas used to keep dirigibles aloft are highly flamable and downtown New York is so densely populated, they realized this could be very dangerous. The greatest obstacle was the high winds on top of the building that, "were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." With the dirigible tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would be swiveling in the wind. While lead weights could be used in open landing fields, these would be neither safe nor practical when hanging above pedestrians on the streets. Lastly, there was a law existing stating that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. This would make it impossible for a dirigible to even approach the building. The combination of these obstacles made it impossible for dirigibles to ever dock at the Empire State Building.	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced were wheather. Nature itself would ruin the time frame of building. Winds would shift, even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast.Another challenge the builders ran into was that dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas.	2
Al Smith faced many obstacles in designing and building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building. Most of the obstacles should have been realized before the mast was even built.One of the obvious obstacles was the constant change in wind. The back of the blimp would not be tied down therefore swinging around in the sky. Another, obstacle would be the design of the mast. This was important because if designed wrong the mast would put stress on the building and could cause a lot of damage. Their was also a law about airships flying too low in urban areas, New York being an urban area. One of the most dangerous reasons was that some blimps were filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable.Al Smith and his architects should have realized and discussed these issues before constructing an unusable structure. If this was discussed a lot of time and money would have been saved.	3
In the excerpt, they tell some reasons why it would be difficult for dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State building. In paragraph 6, it says, "Dirigibles were docked by means of electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and tied to a mast. The body of the dirigible could swing in the breeze, and yet passengers could safely get on and off the dirigible by walking down a gangplank of the observation deck." This shows how it could be potentially dangerous for the passengers of the dirigible to get off. Another reason was that dirigibles were losing passengers in the late 1930s due to the airplane. As it is stated in paragraph @NUM1, "By the late 1930s, the idea of using mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared. Dirigibles, instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes." That quote shows had dirigibles were losing popularity due to the airplane.	3
In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted there are many obstacles faced for the builders of the Empire State Building. One of the obstacles builders came across was safety because they were trying to build a mooring mast on the very top of the building for blimps to stop and refuel and such. If builders proceeded with that, it would have been a safety concern. Marcia Lüsted writes "most dirigibles from outside the U.S.A used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." That could be a huge problem if it was to explode in New York, many lives would be endangered. Another obstacle builders faced was strength, because since the mooring mast was going to be used for blimps, "a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". That stress of the blimps load would add stress to the building's frame so steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened.	3
Based on the article "The Mooring Mast" written by @ORGANIZATION2, the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. There are three main reasons why the @CAPS1. S.B. was not used for the purpose it was constructed for. The point of the @CAPS1.S.B. was so that dirigibles can stop and refuel. Dirigibles is an old word for Blimps. The obstacle the @CAPS1.S.B. had to over come were modifications, nature, and the law. They had to pay @MONEY1 in modifications on the @CAPS1.S.B. for the framework. The second was nature, the winds would make the back of the Dirigibles move around, they wanted to put weights on the back of them but that was not safe. Last but not least the law, the dirigibles cant be as low as the @CAPS1.S.B. because its too low and they cant fly low over urban areas.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced difficult circumstances and many obstacles during the task of designing a brand new Empire State Building to accompany this new means of travel. The builder's mission was to design the top of the Empire State Building to accommodate the mooring of blimps over one thousand feet in the air. The first obstacle was designing a landing area. This was difficult because the architecture needed had never before been created or even attempted in the past. A second obstacle was having to make sure the Empire State Building could withstand the stress created by the blimp. Paragraph @NUM1 says "The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation." The difficulty with this obstacle was having to refurbish the steel frame at the Empire State Building which took lots of time, work, and over sixty thousand dollars. "The greatest obstacles to successful mooring was nature itself." There were violent wind currents at the top of the building and the blimps were never very stable. There were many pedestrians under a moored dirigible so this was a very dangerous obstacle. Lastly, the pre existing laws of airships flying the low over urban areas posed a new problem. even with successful architecture, laws disallowed the blimps in the first place! Planes were also becoming more popular.	4
Dirigibles had a top speed of Eighty milles per hour, and they could Cruise at Seventy milles per hoor for thousands of milles witout needing refueling. Some were as long as one thousand feet the same length as four bloks in New York City. The one obstacole to their expanded use in New York was the lak of a suitable landing area. The greatest obstacle to the sucsessful use of the mooring mast was nature it salf a window on the top were Constantly @CAPS1 due to biolent air corents.	2
The architects had to go through many obstacles such as having to rebuild the whole frame of the Empire State building. In paragraph nine it says "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof." @CAPS1 they had to modify and strengthened the whole thing to accommodate the new situation. Another obstacle they had to face, was that hydrogen was highly flammable. When a German dirigible was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that an accident like that could be worse in the crowded streets of New York. Another obstacle was nature itself. In paragraph @NUM1 it says "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." The back of the ship would swivel around, but could be held down with lead weights, but like paragraph @NUM1 says "using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling, is neither practical nor safe." / Time	4
Many obstacles were confronted when attempting to dock dirigibles on the Empire State Building. Such as the danger of the non-U.S dirigibles docking. The problem with that is they used hydrogen instead of helium, causing them to be highly flammable. They thought about when the German dirigible crashed and realized how much worse it would be if it happened in downtown New York. Another issue being nature's wind force. The wind on top of the Empire State Building was always aggresively shifting. Plus using lead weights like they do when landing in the fields would be hazard for the people below. Finally the law was a issue. The law stated that it was illegal to fly this low over urban areas. Though two dirigibles attempted they both experienced first hand the dangers of it.	3
There were many problems with the designing of the dirigible docking system. The first of these problems comes from the practicality of the consept. The winds created by the updrafts in the cities are violent and making landing a blimp too risky, "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." Another obsticale that was faced was the strutural design. The Empire State Building was not originally designed to moor blimps, and modifying the building to do so was expensive, "over @NUM1 doolars' worth of modifications," The final obsticale was the fact that there were laws in place stopping airships from flying too low over buildings, "... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." These impracticalities prooved to be challenging obsticales	3
Al Smith faced some obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles dock on the mast on top of the Empire State building. The first problem him and the architects faced was they couldnt just put the mast on top of the building's flat roof. The mast would add stress to the buildings frame. Also, the dirigibles load and the wind would add stress. Another reason was safety. Most dirigibles used Hydrogen which was highly flammable. Also, the winds at the top of the building had violent currents. The winds were always shifting which would cause the back of the ship to move. Lastely, the dirigibles couldnt fly near the building because there was a law against air crafts flying to low over urban areas which made it illegal for dirigibles to tie to the mast anyways.	3
There were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building had to face. One obstacle being constructing a strong enough frame for the building so that a thousand foot derigible could be held by the single tether cable. Another obstacle that builders of the empire state building faced was safety how most derigibles from outside the U.S at the time used hydrogen rather than helium, which made it very dangerous since hydrogen is very flammable. This made the constructors have to find a way of creating a landing field where the blimp would not touch any of the sharp spires above the empire state building. These were @NUM1 of the many obstacles that the builders of the empire state were faced with.	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that countries other than the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flamable, if it caught fire above a city, the results would be diasastrous. Another obstacle was that at such a hieght,  the winds would blow the back of the dirigible around. Perhaps the most obvious obstacle in allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was the law that airships could not fly below a certain hieght over cities. All of these obstacles combined to make the project impractical and impossible	3
Based on the information given in the excerpt, there are multiple obstacles they couldn't have been overcome by the builders of the empire state building. Between the winds, problems with ancoring, risk of Fire and sharp spires, there were also legal issues that would first have to be bested.One thing the builders of the Empire State building hadn't considered was the wind current. Because the dirigibles were primarilly huge propelled balloons, the wind could push them around, and at 1,250 Feet, there isn't very much around to slow or block the wind. They also didn't think about the @CAPS1 that hydrogen, a key gas involved with lifting dirigibles, was very Flammable and if one was to ascend in @CAPS2, dozens or maybe even hundreds of people bellow would be doomed.More problems the architects face were the sharp spires atop many of the buildings around. If a pilot were to lose control of the bimp, then it would cause @MONEY1 of damage to the city.Lastly, a new law was undergoing a legislation process. It prohibited the flying of any air travel bellow a certain Feet in residential areas.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigles to dock there was because the dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mast. the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof.	1
The dirigibles faced some problems when they tried to dock them. The frist reason would be that flying an airship that low over a urban area is against the law. Even though it is against the law they tried it anyways and faced more problems, such as, the winds. The one time that they tried they couldn't dock it because the winds are too strong.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem was the stress on the building's frame, the building required over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to fix this. Also the back end of the dirigible would swing freely in the strong wind, this is usualy fixed by attaching a lead weight to the back in the fields where they usualy land but dangling that over a city is a very dangerous. Anothe problem is the law stating no aircraft flying to low over urban areas. Finaly dirigibles never caught on. So the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles In their attemt to make a dirigible docking station.	3
The @CAPS1 says the greatest obstacle would be nature itself. The wind would blow the blimps on to the Sharp spires of other buildings.	1
The @CAPS1 who made the Mooring mast faced many obstacals when trying to get dirigibles to dock. Some were safty, nature its self, and pre existing laws. "Most dirigibles from outside the United states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." The greatest obstacal was nature. Winds at the top were always changing and could make the dirigibles crash to the mast. An existing law prevented airships to fly too low in urban cities. For all the work the @CAPS1 put into the mast it could never live up to its potential.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first problem that the workers faced was that a "thousand-foot dirigible... would add Stress to the building's frame" (@NUM1). This meant that the frame would have to be Strengthened. Another obstacle they came across was that there was a "law against airships flying too low over urban areas" (@NUM2). Therefore, the it would be illegal to dock a ship on the building, because the airship would be too low down. Finally, the most difficult obstacle they encountered was that "the winds on top of the building were constantly Shifting due to violent air currents" (@NUM3). This made it unsafe and unpractical because the dirigibles would be above pedestrians on the street. Due to all of the complications and challenges that faced the workers who were trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the project was never completed.	3
They ran into a few problems when it @CAPS1 to building this. They realized after that it wasnt that smart or that safe to have a dirigible hanging by a 102 floor building just by one cable tether. Another problem they ran into was the fact that they couldnt control mother nature. If it was a really windy day out it would be hard to keep it steady. And if there wasnt enough support on the building frames, then it could potentially collapse.	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced law against airships flying to low over urban areas This law made it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building, fearing That The Wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in that area. That would harm the dirigible's shall Then another dirigible attempted a Publicity stunt, when it would tie up and deliver a bundle of newspaper to the Empire state building. The Idea of The mooring was shelved. They yet unsolved Problems of mooring air ships to a fixed Mast at Such a height made it desirable. The highest open observatory dock, intended for disembarking Passengers, has never been open to The Public.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First of all, the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. To prevent this, the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified in strengthened and to accommodate this new situation. Secondly, most dirigibles from outside of the @LOCATION3 used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The owners realized that if one of the hydrogen dirigibles were to catch fire just like the Hindenburg did in Lakehurst, @LOCATION4, the accident could be much worse if it had taken place above a densely populated areas such as downtown New York. The greatest obstacle that the builders were faced with was violent air currents while the dirigible was tethered. The back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast due to winds in using lead weights to weight the back down, where they would be dangling above pedestrians would neither be practical nor safe. The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed.	4
The future of allowing dirigibles to dock on the top of the Empire State Building became unrealistic when issues of safty came forward and when test runs did not go as planned. Some dirigibles used hydrogen rather than hellium which could be flamable. "the owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse than accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area." By placing a dock in the heart of New York City its risking the lives of too @CAPS1 passengers and citizens.When the dock was in place at the top of the Empire state building two dirigibles tried landing but both times it was a failure. There were @CAPS1 problems and landing, one being the wind. "dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds." @CAPS1 dangers stop this plan to happen.	2
The builders and the architects faced many issues in making this project of extending the Empire State Building to 1,250 feet height. Though they planned their steps into making the mooring mast on top was unrealistic. It was unrealistic because this was never done before on top of a building. Another obstacle they faced was safety of the passengers and in general, because most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, which was highly flammable. Another obstacle they faced was with the weather, because landing a dirigible on top of the building with fast winds due to the violent air currents was also dangerous for the people on the dirigibles and could've possibly hit other building by swiveling around in the air from the winds. The last obstacle the builders faced, was that their project was illegal, against the federal law because the dirigibles would be flying to close to urban areas such as New York City, so therefore be impossible to accomplish, as shown in paragraph @NUM1. In this paragraph it states "The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed. This shows prof of the project's incapability to be built.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many difficulties and obstacles during the process of creating the great building. The creators had planned for it to be the tallest building in existance, but they were thwarted by the engineer of the Chrysler Building. They put a new top onto the building, making it forty-six feet taller than the Empire State. To match these men, Al Smith decided to add a crown of his own to the building. He built a mooring at the 102nd floor that would accommodate dirigible travel. Once it was put in place he needed to make it compatible with the dirigibles. Six thousand dollars were spent to remodel the frame of the building. The also needed to finds safe ways to dock the blimps. They were unable to find ways to extend an electric winch. Balloons were powered by flammable gases too, a safety hazard in a big city. Plus, weights could not be hanging over city streets in order to way down the ship. These problems made the dirigible popularity drop quite alot, so the mooring was never used to its full potential.	3
A @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3 idea of docking a dirigible to the top of the empire state building didn't seem so @CAPS1-@CAPS2 in 1929. Upon carrying out the idea to place a mooring mast atop the thousand foot building, problems quickly presented themselves The first problem architecs ran into was the construction of the building itself. The empire state building was never built to be able to hold a thousand-foot dirigible. The added weight would stress the frame of the building. As a solution to this issue, Al Smith, the four term governor of New York, put a "quick fix" in place. Smith invested sixty thousand dollars into strengthening the buildings support. Even with the strengthened frame, safety was still a main conflict that put the idea to rest. Along with the structural danger, hydrogen was a main source of weight reduction for dirigibles. Unlike helium, hydrogen is highly flammable was the Idea worth putting thousands of lives at stake through the dirigible blowing up? The people of New York did not wish to relive the Hindenburg fiasco right over their heads. The last major conflict in Smith's idea was nature itself. Air currents are a uncontrolable force of nature, especially when a thousand feet off the ground. Even if tethered, a dirigible would swivel @CAPS1 too much to be considered safe. The idea presented itself to be inconceivable. A mast was put atop the Empire State building, and the 102nd floor does, in fact, exist. Both of these building's features are out of use, proving to be unsafe to the public.	4
Building just a building alone is a tremendous job for builders, then adding on a docking mast for dirigibles makes it significantly more difficult. The architects and builders had to consult with experts as to how this construction should take place and whether it was safe or not. The architects and builders had to tour equipment and mooring operations at the U.S. Naval Air Station in Lakehurst, @CAPS1 and also had to meet with the president of an airship transport company. Perfusive planning and many meetings later they would begin building this mooring mast.As for the building the construction workers could not just drop a mooring mast onto the flat roof of the Empire State Building they had to find another way, they did not want to put stress on the buildings frame. They came to the conclusion that the frame of the building must be modified requiring over sixty thousand dollars. Workers got to add the mast and then construction was haulted due to danger of pedestrians, all that work for nothing.	2
The empire State building builders faced a couple of Problems of docking dirigibles to the mooring mast. Some, I don't even know, @CAPS5 I'll just buildup from here & @CAPS1 what @NUM1. The dirigible. Now I never learned about the @CAPS2 of a zeppelin, but I do know one thing. Do @CAPS7 get out from the front, or sides? I @NUM2. The mast itself. This thing was a failure from the @CAPS3. (don't question why I chose Something else for one of the multi-@CAPS4 questions). The reason why is that @CAPS5 many things could go wrong. This thing can @ORGANIZATION1, & @CAPS6 fall off unless @CAPS7 do something really special for forging a building this high.Overall, it's been a long while, anyways these problems, & Several others that I forgot to mention for obvious reasons are @CAPS6 the reason why we don't use  zeppelins as much anymore...	1
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as the use of hydrogen, air currents, and existing laws, in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the building. The first obstacle the builders had encountered was the use of hydrogen in most dirigibles outside the United States. Hydrogen is considered highly flammable, a big safety issue. A German dirigible was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. "The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as down town New York." (@NUM1) If this had occurred in New York the damage could of been a lot worse.Another obstacle the builders faced was the violent air currents. "Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast." (@NUM1) this is very dangerous because of pedestrians on the street.The final obstacle was an already existing law that prohibits airships flying low over urban areas. "The law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building." (@NUM3) this law would not allow dirigible to approach New York. In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the owners of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as the use of hydrogen, air currents and existing laws in attempting to allow dirigible dock at the building	4
Based on the excerpt the builders faced many hard tasks The builders had to make sure that the mooring mast was stable enough to dock there. They also had to add on more floors on the Empire State building because the original Chrysler building added another 46 feet to still be the tallest building. Now the architects had to had the 85th floor plus the mooring mast, this brought the Empire State building to a total of 1,250 feet. The reason that a mooring mast failed was because the dirigible highly flamable and in a highly populated area like New York it would be tragic. Also nature itself with the wind were violent air current. This would cause the back of the dirigible to move around the mooring mast.	2
The builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In the beginning preparation., The builders thought it would be a great idea to let dirigibles (also known as blimps) to dock there. They didn't take into account the obstacles and struggles that they would soon face. The builder's didn't take into account the wind pressure and what the stress of the blimp's load would do to the building. "The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's Foundation, which was nearly eleven hundered feet below." This was a huge problem the architects and over @MONEY1 worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. "Safety was also another big issue." Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If a fire had broken out over a highly populated area such as downtown New York, the results could have been disastrous. The winds also were problem. Even if the blimp was tied down to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swing around and could result in a dangerous accident. There was also laws against low flying ships. The architects For the Empire State Building should have thought it through.	4
There were many obstacles that the Empire State buildings owner faced. One obstacle was not having enough room for the dirigible to land. To help solve this problem, the architect added mooring mast to increase the buildings height. Another obstacle was that the steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be expanded in order for there to be more height added to the building. Altogether this would cost over @MONEY1. The main reason, and obstacle was safety. The owner had to make sure that the dirigible was not flammable, in which it was. Wind and nature also played a big part in deciding to go through with the idea. The strong winds would make the dirigible swing and constantly shift. This would make the dirigible hang over people on the streets of New York, which was not safe. The idea that landing dirigibles on top of the empire state building was neither safe or practical, and there were just too many struggles and obstacles for a plan like this to ever follow through.	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles when they tried to build a mast to allow dirigibles to dock there. First of all, some dirigibles were highly flamable because they use hydrogen instead of helium. A German dirigible named Hindenburg was destroyed due to a fire and once the Empire State Building noticed how much worse it could've been in a higher populated place like New York, their hopes went down a little bit. Another obstacle was one that couldnt be fixed, because it was caused by nature. It was the violent winds. The excerpt stated "Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast." The only solution was to put lead weights in the back, but then they would be hanging over pedestrians, which is definatly not safe. The last thing that stopped them was a law that was against any airships the flew too low in urban areas. All in all, the builders faced too many obstacles to build a mast for dirigibles	4
The builders of the Empire state building faced a lot of obstacles attempting dirigibles to dock their. One of the first obstacle the builders faced was realizing that the dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the building's frame. The builder's realized that the wind pressure could make the dirigible swivel which would not be suitable for the foundation of the building. strengthening the building's structure would cost over sixty thousand dollars. The workers also realize that the dirigibles are flamable and if something were to go wrong it would cause a devestation to a such populated area. These obstacles put and end to the dream of having mooring mast on top of the Empire state building.	3
Based on the excerpt the builders faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. As in paragraph @NUM1 "the greatest reason was safety." The most important issue was the blimps used hydrogen which was highly flamibale. An accident would of been tragic because of the heavily populated downtown @CAPS1. Also nature proposed a big obstacle as well "The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." @CAPS2 there was an existing law against flying airships to low over urban areas.	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is that they had to make the Empire State Building taller. The builders added a mooring mast to the top of the building to allow dirigibles to anchor the for several hours for refueling or service, and to allow the passengers on or off the dirigible. The dirigibles were docked which meant that the electric winch, in which hauled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied to the mast. The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless tower that would be illuminated from the inside. The roof had to be completed before the framing for the mooring mast could take place. Everything went as planned as the builders wanted tpo.	1
The-builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. Safety was the biggest concern at each stage. The recent explosion of the Hindenburg showed potential problems in docking these aircraft. If a blimp was to explode in downtown New York, it could be a disaster. Another obstacle that would be faced is nature. The winds on the top of the building were constantly changing. The unpredictable wind atop the building made the idea of mooring a zeppelin very illogical. At this time, laws against flying low in urban areas were coming around. These would make for docking the airships to be illegal. The idea for making the Empire State Building a mooring post was an engineering feat but the actual usage of it was not practical.	3
The obstacle the builders had in attempting to allow dirigibles or "blimps" to dock on the Empire State Building were nature itself. The reason nature is the obstacle for blimps to dock on the building is because the wind currents moving the end of the blimp. If the blimp is moving by the wind while passangers are leaving or getting in, it would be very easy to fall off. Another obstacle the builders had with docking the blimps is the lead weights dangling from the end of the blimps. Those weights were used to keep the blimp from shifting directions due to the wind currents but it was a concern for the safety of the Street Pedestrians. On @CAPS1 @NUM1 of "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it quotes that "... that using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above Pedestrians on the Street, was neither practical nor safe". This quote proves that putting weights on the back of the blimp would be dangerous. If they some how fall off then someone could get really hurt on the streets.	3
The excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION2 is a story that takes the reader through the obstacles and attempts builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building. Al Smith, four-term governor of New York, planned to construct the Empire State Building after he was in office.Smith was competitive and realized that the building was close to earning the title of world's tallest building. So in 1929 he announced that the building would be 1,250 feet and he would do this by adding a top or hat to the building which would be distinctive. The idea was to add a mooring mass and observation decks to the top and have it be able to dock dirigibles, or blimps. Architects later realized that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by one cable tether would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of a dirigible's load with the pressure of wind would go all the way to the building's foundation. The plans that have builders working so hard on frame work and observation decks failed. It was not practical to dock a dirigible, it wouldn't be safe. By the late 1930s, the idea was given up on, but the Empire State Building is still open to one of the observation decks and is a very popular attraction in New York.	2
Based on the excerpt I just read these are some of the obstacles that the @ORGANIZATION1 one of the obstacles was the balloon becuz it had hellem and it was also flame abou. The secton obstacles is that you cantroll the balloon and the threed obstacles The Empire State Building had was a flat roof. and these are the obstacles that the @ORGANIZATION1.	1
In "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First the building had a flat roof and a dirigible moored to the top, only held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame. Modifications to the building would cost over sixty thousand dollars. Other problems the building faced had to do with safety. Some dirigibles used hydrogen which is highly flammable and if an accident were to happen in New York it would be disastrous. The greatest obstacle was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting and even tethered to the mooring mast, the ship would not be secured. This was also very unsafe. The Empire State Building never succeeded it's purpose.	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the problems was that a thousand-foot dirigible held by a single cable tether would add stress to the frame. The obstacle they went through was to make the frame stronger. In paragraph @NUM1 it states the obstacle they went through to make the building stronger. "the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower." and "The rocket-shaped mast would have four wings at its corners."Other obstacles they went through was making sure the mooring mast was tall enough, and in paragraph @NUM2 Smith says, "people in Washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to this mast."	2
Al Smith had an ambitious plan to put his Empire State Building on top of New York. He envisioned the skyscraper as a dirigible port and a future transport hub. Techical limitations eventually proved insurmountable though. First, dirigibles had to deal with docking in an urban area. Dirigibles normally dropped lead weights to secure there landings, but this would be impractical when people were on the streets below. Wind was also a major problem because it made the blimp difficult to stabilize in the air. The wind would be ever more problematic in the city as if a Dirigible hit a building it would puncture and fall into New York city. Neither of the Dirigibles that tried to moor could because of wind and other buildings. As stylish as landing in the middle of @LOCATION1 would have been, safety problem could not be fixed and there were too many people around to risk it.	3
The obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building's flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigble moored at the top of the building help by a single cable tether would have stressed to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted All the way to the building's foundation which was nearly eleven hundred feet below" @CAPS1 are the main obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock	2
The dream for the Empire State Building was to allow dirigibles to dock On the top of it. It sounded like a great idea but the builders faced many obstacles trying to reach the goal of having them dock there. The first problem they faced was that dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted to the buildings foundation so it wouldn't stress the building's frame. To do this over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had been made. A glass and chrome nickel steel tower was made with a illuminated inside. The building was now 102 floors. Even though all the hard work the building was never used for docking purposes because of safety. One of the safety obstacles was that dirigibles wer highly flamable, after one caught on fire in New Jersey the owners of the Empire State building didn't want the same to happy in the highly populated New York City. Also another big obstacle was caused by the terrible winds. Even though there was a landing sight the dirigible could never be tied down so the passengers could get off. Also there was a law that stated the air craft's can't fly to low to urban areas. Through all the money and obstacles the builders had to go through to make this dream possible was never achieved.	4
There were many reasons that the mooring mast couldn't be used. The first reason is wind speeds. In fact "in 1930, the @ORGANIZATION1 dirigible, Los Angeles, approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie because of forceful winds." @CAPS1 the dirigibles could not even get close enough to dock. Another reason was safety. In 1937 the German dirigible, Hindenburg, went down because of a fire. That situation could've been a lot worse if they dirigible went down on heavily populated areas, in which thousands of people might die. The last reason is that there is a law prohibiting airships flying too low over urban are urban areas. Therefore it would be illegal for a dirigible to get close enough to dock.	3
The builders of the empire state building had to face alot of obsticles to try to get dirgibles to land there. One of those obsticles was making "changes to existing Plans for the building's stelfame". Another thing was nature the winds would not let a blimp land there. But the greatest reason was safety: "Most dirigables from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable".	2
In the story The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The @NUM1 main obstacles the builders faced where, hydrogen being highly flammable. The second main reason was winds from nature itself. The last reason was the law against airships.The first main obstacle the builders were faced with was there was hydrogen and helium in the balloon and the hydrogen was highly flammable, so the builders needed to make a safe place for the dirigibles to dock. The second main obstacle the builders were faced with was nature itself. The winds from on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The last obstacle the builders were faced with was the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for ships to ever tie up or approach a building in that area.The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, but in the end Dirigibles, instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes...	3
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders faced while attempting to build the dirigible dock at the Empire State Building were: finding a way to make this building bigger than the Chrysler Building, Designing the mast and @CAPS1 the reality. Al Smith needed a way to make is building bigger than the Chrysler building. He came up with the idea with putting a mooring mast on the building. The idea seemed great. While designing the mast, architects realized they can't just place the mast right on top of the building. They'd have to modify the foundation. After changing the skeleton of the building, construction went on as planned. Two month later the mast was finished, but the architects forgot that most dirigibles use hydrogen which is highly flammable. All the work the architects put in was for nothing because the mooring mast was never used.	2
Based on the excerpt the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in atteptin to allow dirigible to dock there were the fallowings. One obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. The greater obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The dirigible couldn't do anything even if tethered it to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast.	2
The builders faced many problems that should have been foreseen. Perhaps the greatest reason was because @CAPS1 dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium as their gas choice. Because hydrogen is highly flammable it would have spelled doom for New York if exploded. The weather also created a great risk. If a dirigible dock there the violent air currents would shifted constantly. The use of lead weights would put pedestrians at risk. That idea was neither safe or practical. Probably one of the most obvious risks was the law. There was a law that stated that airships can fly to low over urban areas. Because of these reasons it made making the Empire State Building a landing area unsafe.	3
There were many obstacles that the architects never realized while building the docking station for the dirigibles.  One of these obstacles they faced was height, and the lack of safety that arose from it.  In @DATE1, the German dirigible "Hindenburg", which use a highly flammable hydrogen, caught fire in New Jersey as described in paragraph thirteen.  Should this have happened to a dirigible docked high over New York City, the airship would plummet to to the ground where many New @CAPS1 would be going about about their day.  The largest obstacle they faced though was nature.  Air currents and storms would cause the dirigible, only teathered to the mooring mast by a rope, to "swivel around and around the mooring mast... dangling high above pedestrians on the street."  As pointed out in paragraph fourteen, this was neither practical, nor say if.  The third obstacle they faced with a pre-existing law against airships flying too low over urbanized areas.  Even as tall as the Empire State Building is, it was still impossible to legally dock at the new mooring mast.  Al Smith's idea finally had to be abandoned due to safety, nature, and state law.	4
In the excerpt from "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle the builders faced was finding a way to have a dirigible moored on top of the Empire State building without adding stress to the buildings frame. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame" (Lüsted). Another obstacle that was face was money. they needed to make more than sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications. "Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework" (Lüsted). The biggist obstacle the builders had to face was nature, the winds would shift the dirigible to much. "The greatest obstacle to the success of the mooring mast was nature itself" (Lüsted). As you can see there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	2
There were many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One of the reasons was that the dirigible hanging by one cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. This stress would cause the buildings foundation to crack. This obstacle caused the architects to have to strengthen the foundation, this cost them over sixty thousand dollars in modifications. Another obstacle was they had to make another floor which would be used for passengers and would let elevators bring the passengers to the eighty-sixth floor, where their baggage and ticket area would be located. These observation areas were to double as the boarding area for dirigible passengers. Once this was done, they then had complete the roof before the framing for the mooring mast could take place. Another obstacle was nature itself, the winds at the top of the building were always shifting and the dirigibles, that usually land in open fields, could be weighted down with lead weights, but could not be used at the Empire State Building, where they would be hanging over pedestrians on the streets. Another obstacle was that there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for dirigible to tie up or even approach the Empire State Building. All these many obstacles led to the ideas of dirigibles and mooring mast, for the dirigibles had dissapeared.	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire @CAPS1 Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. So people can get off and unload or load up their ship.	0
In order for the dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building the builders had to fulfill many expectations and make sure everything was right, but while doing that they faced many obstacles. The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Another obstacle the builders faced was most dirigibles from outside of the U.S. used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly flameable. They realized how much worse it could be especially with a more populated area like downtown New York. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. With all of These obstacles the builders realized that this would not work.	3
In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, alot of problems were faced in allowing the dirigibles to dock there. The obstacles that were faced would put peoples safety at risk. One of the problems was the tail of the dirigibles would swirvle because of how high up it was the wind would be violent. Another problem that was stated in paragraph @NUM1 was forgeign dirigibles were made with hydrogen instead of helium so they were flamable.	2
Back in the roaring @NUM1's and @NUM2's, New York City was a popular place which needed to adapt to the ways of modernizing travel. A new and fashionable form of travel was the blimp, or the dirigible. These @ORGANIZATION2 balloons had nowhere to dock in the @ORGANIZATION2, and solving that solution was harder than expected.Al Smith, architect of the Empire State Building decided that he could use the top of the tower as a mooring mast for these dirigibles. After adapting the entire building for the change, Smith ran into a few problems.The first @ORGANIZATION2 issue surfaced when a German dirigible exploded in New Jersey. This let Smith know that it would be a bad idea to allow any @CAPS1 blimps near as most non-American crafts were filled with "hydrogen [which] is highly flammable," leaving possibility for catastrophe. Another snag was the "winds on top of the building... shifting due to... air currents" which would cause the dirigibles to freely and dangerously sway in the wind. With the wind, they could crash into towers and "would be dangling above pedestrians." @CAPS2 valves also came into play as there was a preexisting law against airships flying too low over urban areas" which would make any dirigible activity with the Empire State Building downright illegal.	4
The empire state builders faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable. when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been above a densely populated area such as down town newyork. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Another obstical the builders faced was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building, or even approach the area, although two dirigibles did attempt to reach the building before the entire idea was dropped.	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were that most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." Another reason was the wind. The winds on top of the building were "constantly shifting due to violent air currents." It will not be safe for the pedestrians below the Empire State Building.	2
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The thousand foot dirigible on top the Empire state building could add stress to the building's frame. The stress from the Dirigible was way too much to carry, and the frame of the building would have to have been modified and strengthened to be able to hold the dirigible. There were many risks taken by landing a dirigible atop the empire state building.	2
In paragraph 6 it said "New York City was the lack of a suitable Landing space" Another obstanke in paragraph @NUM1 was the Nature it self the winds was push the dirigible around in the back of it. The other obstakle was in paragraph @NUM2 the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. These are the problem that the Empire builders faced	2
In "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the Empire State Building endured many obstacles when trying to dock dirigibles. The idea of a mooring mast began when former governor of New York, Al Smith was determined to make the Empire State building the tallest in the world. When the Chrysler building became the tallest Smith was said to have announced, "... The Empire State would now reach the height of 1,250 feet" (Mooring Mast). Although many were enthusiastic about the plan, there were many obstacles before dirigibles docked there. The first problem was stability. If a thousand pound dirigible was connected to the building by one tether then it, "... would add stress to the buildings frame" (Mast) Which would have made the builders completely alter the buildings structure. Another reason was safety At the time most foreign dirigibles used hydrogen, a highly flammable substance, instead of helium. Which could be a great hazard considering all the people it could harm below. However, the greatest obstacles for the dirigibles future was nature. Above the Empire State there was wild wind currents causing the back of the dirigible to swivel. When builders couldn't find a practical solution to all these obstacles, it was realized dirigibles would not be kept there for the safety of all New York City inhabitants.	3
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the fact that most diribles from outside the United States used hydrogen in their blimps instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The builders of the Empire State building did not realize that this was a problem until on May 6, 1937, the German dirigible Hindenburg caught on fire in New Jersey (paragraph @NUM1). It was only then that they understood how bad matters would be if a dirigible caught fire right over the masses of people in New York. Another obstacle was nature. The winds on the top of the building were always violently changing, making the dirigible swivel around over the heads of the @LOCATION2. As stated in paragraph @NUM2, such a problem could be easily solved by weighting down the dirigible with lead weights. However, using lead weights that could accidentally fall on the people below was an unsafe way to keep the dirigible still. Lastly, as written in the beginning of paragraph @NUM3, there was an "existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." By law, the whole idea of using the Empire State Building as a docking area for dirigibles was illegal, and rightfully so. There were too many complications, and one spark or strong breeze could jeopardize countless of lives. These reasons are why by the 1930s the plan to create a mooring mass for the dirigibles on the Empire State Building was dropped.	4
There are many problems the dirigibles had with docking.  The one problem there was is a lack of suitable landing space.  There was also the problem of winds.  The wind would cause a major problem for if they could dock.  The wind could cause it to spin around the building causing injuries to people or the dirigible.If it's swong around an hit the building it could cause structural damage.  The dirigible could also explode into flames if a spark is caused from it hitn the building.  It could end up like the hindenburge.	2
In the short story of "The Mooring Mast." by Marcia Amidon Lüsted describes three obstacles of the builders of the Empire State Building faced for the attemption to allow dirigibles to dock there. Two resons were safty. The first "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". A flammable ship above a "densely populated area such as dowtown New York could result in desistiar. The second safty reson was due to "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifing due to Violent air currents." Dirigibles "dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither Practical nor safe." The final obstacl the Empire State Building faced was Law. "An existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." "This Law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the buildings or even approach the area." The Law and to safty obstacles the builders of the Empire' State Building faced would not allow any attempts for dirigibles to dock there.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced a lot of obstacles in trying to dock dirigibles there, but they had to figure a way around. The architects believed that the mooring mast would work and they started building. Soon enough, problems evolved that could not be fixed. An example of one of their problems is that dirigibles use more hydrogen than helium, which makes it very flammable. If the dirigible had an accident over New York many people would be hurt. Another factor that goes with this is the wind currents. The wind is too strong that the dirigible would be swirling around even if it was tied up. However, they could use lead weights to keep it still but if they fell it would hurt some pedestrians walking by. Furthermore, the state law made it illegal for airships to fly too low which made it impossible for dirigibles to be tied to the mooring mast on the Empire State Building. After all these problems, the architects never added the landing gear to the mooring mast because they knew that it would not be used as it was intended to.	3
After finishing the @ORGANIZATION1, architects want to start mooring dirigibles right away. However, due to three potential problems the architect had never realized before, they never could moor any dirigibles. One problem was the most @CAPS1 dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium. This was a problem because hydrogen is extremely flammable, ad after the Hindenburg @CAPS2 up in @ORGANIZATION2, architects feared a similar catastrophe could happen in @CAPS3, but many more would die. Another problem was high winds. Because it was so windy at the top of the building, it was almost impossible to hold the dirigibles steady. Also, the dirigible would have swiveled while tied to the building because there was nothing holding down the front and back. the third issue was that there was a law against flying dirigibles at the height that was necessary to moor on the Empire State Building. That's why no dirigibles ever successfully moored on the Empire State Building.	3
Upon taking up the task of building a mast for dirigibles to dock at, the architects encountered many obstacles which made the idea of a mooring mast unplausable. One obstacle they ran into was the violent nature of the wind currents above the city. If the dirigibles were to dock at the building with a tether, then the back would be free to swing and sway. Another factor they had to consider is that dirigibles are full of the flamable gas hydrogen which imposed the risk of a serious fire hazzard about New York City. Even if the engineers and architects managed to work out all of the kinks of building the mast, they still would face another obstacle. It was illegal to fly dirigibles to low over urban areas. These are the reasons why the idea of a dock for dirigibles could never work out.	3
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Originally, the greatest problem builders faced was strengthening the building's foundational base in order to support the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure. To combat this, @MONEY1 of modifications had to made to the building's framework. Unfortunately, most of the complications of the mooring mast were not considered until after it was built. A most important one was safety, in that that many foreign dirigibles to use helium to float which is highly flammable. A disaster like the Hindenburg disaster over New York City is too dangerous to risk. Another preventer of the mast were the winds at the top of the building that were constantly changing due to the violent air currents. The swaying dirigible could not be secured with hanging weights due to the danger of dropping one over a very populated New York City. A huge complication of making the dream a reality was a law preventing airships from flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for a docking to ever take place. The many obstacles that face the builders of the Empire State building attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, eventually led to the dropping of the idea all together.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Al Smith (four-term governor of New York who headed efforts to construct the Empire State Building) was determined to outstrip the height of the Chrysler Building "The architect building the Chrysler Building however had a trick up his sleeve." He built a 185-foot spire and hoisted it to the top of the @ORGANIZATION1 was determined to outstrip the height by placing a mooring mast at the top of the building. "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof." The winds would be constantly shifting the mast. "But using these at the @ORGANIZATION3, where they would be clanging high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe." Dirigibles couldn't dock at the Empire State Building also due to a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This made it illegal for ships to ever tie up to the building. In conclusion, builders of the Empire State bulding faced obstacles when allowing dirigibles to dock there.	2
The builders and architects of the Empire State Building faced many problems trying to dock dirigibles at the top. The first problem was that there were very strong winds near the top of the building, which made it extremely hard for a captain to control their ship. When anchored to the mast by a single tether, the dirigible would be twisted around the spire by the winds, making it nearly impossible to transfer passengers. Another important issue that builders could not overcome was the fact that the streets below the Empire State Building were densely populated. This meant that a disaster similar to the Hindenburg tragedy in New Jersey could cause many more casualties in New York City. Lastly, one of the most obvious obstacles that the builders could not get past was the existing law against airships flying over urban areas. This law made it illegal to fly a dirigible at a height that would be necessary for docking on the mast of the Empire State Building. With these obstacles in their way, the builders of the Empire State Building could most likely never accomplished their dream of docking dirigibles on the mast. 	3
Based on the excerpt to The Mooring Mast, the builders who constructed the Empire State Building had faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building. One of many obstacles was nature itself. The winds that are on top of the building were always shifting, because of the violent air currents. If the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of it would swivel around & around the mooring mast, as said in paragraph @NUM1. Another obstacle was that the dirigibles from outside of the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium, & hydrogen is highly flammible. as you can see there are quite a few of obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building had to face when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on this building.	2
Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow drigibles to dock there. "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof." That was struggle number one, a thousand-foot drigible would add too much stress to the frame. "The stress of the drigibles load and as the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation." That was another obstacle the builder's had to overcome considering the foundation was eleven hundred feet below. The Empire State building then had to be strengthened and modified in order to build a stronger foundation for the mooring of a drigible upon the Empire State Building. Those were some of the many obstacles the builder's went through in designing the mast.	3
There seemed to be many problems erupting during the making of the dirigibles dock. For one the Empire State building natural structure can't handle its weight. Therefor architects had to make a stainless steel tower. Even after this was made they realized how flamable helium and hydrogen are. Not only that the airwaves at the top of that building are extremely violent. The idea was eventually forgotten about due to the possible accidents that could happen.	2
There were plenty of problems engineers at the empire state building faced when they wanted to dock dirigibles. Well for starters, the winds up that high were over-powering, as it says in paragraph @NUM1 "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." Also there was the dirigibles themselfs that caused a problem For they were filled with hydrogen, which is very flamable, One other problem was air laws they state that dirigibles, in urban areas, were not to fly too low. It is because of these problems that destroyed Al Smith's Idea that building could dock airships.	3
There were many obstacles that the @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced one of them were redesigning some parts of the Empire State Building. The @CAPS1 job was to create the mast for docking new airships called dirigible or blimps. This plan came with great difficulty, they couldn't drop on mooring mass on top of the Empire State buildings flat roof. They came to figure out that a "thousand-foot dirigible moored held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame" (paragraph @NUM1). This stress would have to be transmitted to the buildings foundation.     The @CAPS1 had to modified and strengthened the steelframe in order to accommodate the situation of the stress on the building frame Also creating the rocket shaped mass the @CAPS1 had to work on many different parts. The winches and control machinery for the dirigible mooring. This had to be done presisely in order for everything towork     This were the obstacles the @CAPS1 face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock in the Empire State building.	2
The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose. In the short excerpt of "The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, many obstacles were clearly stated to why the mast was not a good idea. The building of the mast was rushed. Al Smith had realized that he was close to losing the title of the worlds tallest building and quickly put the mast to mind. Problems quickly arose The first problem that had arose was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith stated that passengers could safely swing in the breeze. This problem was ignored and soon other problems arose as the building of the mast continued. The greatest problem that should have been thought about before building the mast was nature itself The winds were horrible at the height of the building and architects soon realized that landing would be a major issue. The mast was still questioned and architects and engineers were doing all they could to make it work until something was brought upon them, a law. It is illegal for airships to fly too low over an urban area. The law that was realized marked the end of Al Smith's idea and by the late 1930's, the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers have quietly disappeared.	3
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirt dribbles to dock there was, if they dropped the mooring mast on the top of the building they would have strengthened the frame because of the wind pressure, and pressure from the single cable. Also most dirigibles from out of state were highly flammable because they used hydrogen rather than helium. Another problem was that New York is a highly populated city and they did not want to take the risk of having something fall from the top of the building on to citizens down below. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature. The violent winds were constantly shifting due to the violent currents. Even if that could get the dirigibles tied down the back would be flying around. They also suggest using lead weights to hold it down, but if they fell the pedestrians on the street would be in great danger. The last obstacle faced with the fact that there was a law about airships flying to low over urban areas.	3
The obstacles on allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building were far to great, something that should have been obvious before construction started. One major reason, safety. Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is very flammable, and after the "Hindenburg" accident in Lakehurst, the idea was shot down. Another reason why it just didn't work was the wind current at the top of the Empire State building. Winds would have been to great for dirigibles to safely dock at the Empire State. There was already a law about Airships flying too low over urban areas. With a dirigible approaching the building would make it illegal. Thus ending the idea to proceed.	3
The architects and builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some of their problems included, the structure of the building, the wind and weather conditions, and the safety of their passengers. The stell frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation. The building now consisted of 102 floors and contained a stainless steel skeleton. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The back of the ship would swivel around and would need lead weights to hold it down. This was clearly considered unsafe. Finally the safety of the passengers, was at stake because the complete dirigible mooring equipment was never installed. Also, There was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. These are the reasons why dirigibles never moored on the Empire State Building due to the many obstacles.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Safety reasons, weather conditions, and government laws, defeated the purpose of the mooring mast on top of the building. For example, many of the dirigibles used at the time contained hydrogen instead of helium, "hydrogen is highly flammable... above a densely populated area." (@NUM1). The builders realized this was not smart. Furthermore, "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting do to violent air currents." (@NUM2) This created a dangerous situation because the ship would swing around the mast. Lastly, the most obvious obstacle was a government law prohibiting a ship to even approach the building. "...an existing law against airships flyinging too low over urban areas" .(@NUM3) The whole idea that was built up to something great had slowly dwindled. The builders of the Empire State Building faced these obstacles, and many more, in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was a existing law. In paragraph @NUM1 saying the reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state Building cause of an existing law against airship flying too low under urban area and the law would make it illegal for a ship to even tie or even approach the mooring mast.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building had a few obstacles to face when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, as written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted in the,The Mooring Mast. Al Smith, the architect of the Empire State Building, didn't want his masterpiece to be only for show, so he gave it purpose; a dock for dirigibles. By adding a comma "thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether," the buildings frame would be under much stress; ultimately making the structure unsafe. To alter the frame and wind pressure, over @MONEY1 would need to be accumulated. If an accident were to take place, like in Lakehurst, New Jersey, the densely populated city would be in grave danger. Although these obstacles can be overcome, the obstacle of mother nature herself, cannot.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the building. The architects could not just put the mooring mast on top of the building's flat roof. "A dirigible would be held to the building by a single cable tether, which would add stress to the buildings frame." (Lüsted @NUM1) The stress from the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted down to the foundation. "The building's steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." (Lüsted @NUM1) "Over sixty thousand dollars of modifications would have to be made." (Lüsted @NUM1) The building was based entirely around the mooring mast. New modifications were only used to support the blimp itself and not other factors like nature winds.	3
The builders that constructed The Empire State Building faced many obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most importantly they could not just simply drop a mooring mast atop the building and hope for the best. The mast would add a large amount of stress to the framework, also factor in the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure, and the framework would need to be modified and strengthened. Safety was also a key problem the builders ran into. Most dirigibles were highly flammable, and to have them fly over such a populated city as New York would be impractical. As well as their flammable characteristic there was also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. So therefore it was illegal to tie up, or even approach the building. The last obstacle the builders ran into was the wind. The winds at that height were constantly shifting due to the violent currents. There was also the fear that the wind would blow the ships into the sharp spires of another building. Including the obstacles and the loss of interest in dirigibles was the result in the discontinuation of the project.	4
In "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it. These obstacles took precaution of safety, nature itself, and the law. The first obstacle was one of safety. "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." Owners of the Empire State Building realized that if a dirigible was destroyed by fire, it would cause a huge accident. Also, this accident would be devastating because it'd take place over the densely populated area of downtown New York. In addition, "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." These would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mooring mast. Dirigibles that are moored in open fields use weights to be weighed down. Yet, these can't be used on top of the Empire State Building because they'd be dangling about walking pedestrians which is dangerous. Lastly, a major obstacle faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building was the "existing law against airships to fly too low over urban areas." @CAPS1, this would make it illegal for a ship to tie to the building or even approach the area. Overall, the obstacles faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building lead to the disappearance of this idea altogether.	4
The mooring mast was a failure from the start.  The builders and architects were not looking at the problems that would be present but only at how to build the most.  The first main problem the building workers faced when attempting to allow these dirigible's to land was actually building a mast atop the highest building in the world.  Then came the necessary modifications needed to improve upon the buildings framework to support the zepplins weight putting stress on the building after being pushed around by winds 1, 250 ft above the ground.  Perhaps the most important aspect of bringing these large zepplins over heavily crowded areas was safety.  The aspect of safety for pedestrians below would have been almost non-existent had the idea been carried out.  For example, some of those zepplins use hydrogen to stay a loft, and if a hydrogen filled blimp combusted over a city, it would seem pretty immenent people below would be harmed.  This project seems to present far too many obstables for these architects to overcome for docking a single blimp.	3
To have a building built Over @NUM1 ft. tall and expect dirigibles/blimbs be able to dock there is dangerous and has many obstacles around it. First, the weather is not always nice. If you have a windy day the blimb is going to sway back and forth over thousands of pedestrians in New York. Putting lead blocks in the back would be very dangerous. you have lead in the back swaying with thousands of people underneath you. Secondly, most blimbs outside of the U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is very flammabe, and could destroy a whole building if the fire spread... Finally, blimbs could not moor at the Empire State building if it is against the law for an airship to hover to low to urban areas. Those are many reasons why blimps could not moor at the Empire State building.	3
The builders had to face alot. They had to rebuild the whole top again so the dirigibles could dock there. Architects couldent just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State. A Dirigible on top of a building held by a single cable tether would add alot of stress to the buildings frame. The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be upgraded and strengthened. Also all of these modifications would cost over sixty thousand dollars to make the buildings framework better.	2
The obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there is the winds on top on the building were always shifting because of the violent air currents. Also the dirigibles use Hydrogen, which is highly flammable. So if it blows up, there gonna be a lot of bad things going on in New york. Also there was a law against airships flying too low over Urban areas. The building would have to be modified and strengthened before the dirigibles could go there.	3
In the article 'The Mooring Mast' by @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 describes of several problems the builders of the Empire State Building faced in trying to allow dirigibles dock there.For example, most blimps (dirigibles) out side of the United states used hydrogen, rather than helium. Since hydrogen is highly flammable, and since downtown New York is so populated, if anything were to go wrong it could impact the people of New York, resulting in injuries as well as deaths.Another reason is an existing law against flying airships too low over urban areas. This law making it illegal for ship to even approach the area. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles that could have been noticed before building.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building had various problems to @CAPS1 in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The nature of the ships, added stress to the building and safety were all against the ludicrous idea of landing blimps on the Empire State Building.The nature of the ships would cause the body to sway in the wind. One problem that comes from this is tangling the mooring cable. To combat this captains would have to use lead counterweights. These were highly impractical to use because they would hanging over crowded streets.Another problem was added stress to the buildings Foundation. Since the building was not ordinarily designed for this role, modifications would have to be made to its foundation. The cost of these renovations was over sixty thousand dollars.The most obvious problem was safety. These airships were filled with highly flammable hydrogen. The area surrounding the building had other buildings with sharp spires on top. If a ship hit one of these, there was no stopping the disaster.	3
The builders of the empire state building encountered many obstacles. These obstacles were not easily fixed. First, the steel frame of the empire state building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the "new situation." Another obstacle was safety. Having an accident would be detrimental to many peoples' lives, because it is located in such a densely populated area. Also the winds made the whole thing very dangerous. Lastly there was an existing law saying that airships could not fly too low over urban areas.	3
The idea of the Empire State building being used to dock dirigibles may seem ridiculous now, but upon its construction, this was the original purpose of the mast at the top. Of course, there are several reasons as to why this plan didn't come to fruition. First of all, there was "an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas", which would make it impossible to tie a dirigible to a building legally. Also, the high powered air currents atop the building would cause a docked dirigible to sway uncontrollably, making it a safety hazard. Finally, many non-U.S. dirigibles used hydrogen to fly instead of helium, and if a dirigible were to explode like the Hindenburg over the city, it would be incredibly dangerous for civilians. These reasons give credibility to the idea that the Empire State Building would not make a safe dirigible docking bay.	3
The idea of Hindenburg sized air ships landing on top of the Empire State Building sounds propostorous in today's day in age. However in the 1920s this was a dream of many. Unfortunaetly this dream never came to be due to multiple obstacles faced by the builders. The first obstacle faced by the builders concerned what was in the air ship itself, hydrogen. This would be a problem because the vast majority of blimps visiting "used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". So if an accident "had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York" it could be disastorous. Another major problem were the winds. They were "constantly shifting due to violent air currents" and so the ships could swing into other buildings. These two points aside, there was a "existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas" anyways. So regardless of the wind or the hydrogen it wasn't legal. These three obstacles combined made the dream of airships landing in New York stay a dream and not a reality.	3
The workers faced many obstacles in the process of building the mooring mast. The first reason was because of the High Winds. The winds blew the dirigibles two-and-frow. It would be cotastrophic if an accident occurred. Secondly, The Law stood in the way of this idea. A law in New York was passed, that prevented dirigibles from flying over urban areas. The reasoning behind the law was because of a german dirigible accident in New Jersey. Lastly, and probably the simpilest, There was no clear way to land! The landing gear had not been invented yet, so it was too risky to even attempt landing. In conclusion, this idea was way ahead of its time, which is both good and bad in most ways.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting dirigibles to dock there include wind, weather, and especially safety issues. The excerpt states "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents". This states that nature was a great obstacle for the plan of dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building. The other largest obstacle was safety. The excerpt says, "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable." Another main safety concern was that the use of lead weights to anchor the dirigible was neither practical nor safe above the city of pedestrians.	3
Some obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow dirigibles to moor there were, the framing of the building and the height of the building and where passengers would land and dock. The frame of the building was important because if a thousand feet dirigible were to moor at the top of the building, it could add stress to the building's structure and frame and transfer it all down to the building's foundation. Wind pressure and directional change would also push the dirigible according adding more stress *** to the building.The building was at first designed to be @NUM1 floors, but to allow a dirigible to dock there and the load and unload passengers it needed more room and more height The building needed an observation room and a boarding area. When the building was redesigned the building reached to 102 floors and on the 101st floor it was an observation room doubled as a boarding area.The builders of the Empire State Building had many obstacles for the design of the attempt to allow dirigibles to moor on the roof including adding height to the building. The foremost problem though, was the framing of the building. It needed to be strengthened and in doing so it would allow a dirigible to moor on the top with no issues to the structure of the building.	2
In the excerpt from "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the challenges of creating a Mooring mast on top of a 1,250 foot tall building are discusted. In the @DATE1's Al Smith, the govener at the time had the idea of makeng the empire state building equipted with its own landing dock for Dirigibles. Throughout the process the builders were faced with many obstacles in there attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building. The first obstacle was getting the mast on top of the building. "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof." (@CAPS1 @NUM1). If the builders did do that it would cause too much stress to the building. The problem was solved after spending over @MONEY1 on a steal frame to support the mast.However, most of the builders problems were not able to be solved. Safety was a major issue, most dirigibles were built with hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamible. It would be a huge problem if a fire occured over a densely populated area. Also the dirigibles would be too high up to be tied down. Also if the dirigibles did land there it would in violation of an existing law. Therefore the builders were faced with so many obsticles they were unable to build the mast.	4
the builders of the Empire State Building bit off more than they could chew when constructing a mooring mast there. The first of several problems was that the presence of a thousand-foot long Dirigible would a tremendous amount of stress to the frame of the building, and @MONEY1 of modifications would have to be added. Safety was another pressing issue. In 1937, the crash of the hindenburg made the owners of the building realize how bad it would be if a zeppelin crashed over densely-populated New York. Not only was there an existing law that forbid airships to fly too low over urban areas. the factor of nature made the mooring mast Idea completely @CAPS1. Winds on top of the building are always shifting due to Violent air currents, even the capitain of the U.S. Navy ship Los Angeles could not land the dirigible. At this point It was apparent that the mooring mast idea would not work. And dirigibles were abandoned when airplanes, the method of aviation of the future, had arrived.	4
According to the excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's "The Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. When Al Smith was first planning the structure and use of the mass, he seems to be overambitious. In paragraph @NUM1, the reader gets the sense of how competitive Smith was, which is a quality that can get in the way of practicality. Smith's determination to have the Empire State Building be the tallest was an obstacle because it was what first initiated the idea of the mooring mast. Although it is made clear to the section "Designing the Mast" that a lot of planning went into the building of the mast, the extra effort needed for this was an obstacle as well. The mast delayed completing the whole building and as @PERSON1 says in paragraph @NUM2, the mast caused unsolved problems and postponements. A significant reason to the failure of the mast was the issue of safety because the dirigibles were highly flammable. As it also says in paragraph @NUM3, "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself." These both show the impracticality of the installment of a dirigible dock, revealing the largest obstacles the builders faced. Because ambition was more important than practicality in the building of the mooring mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles and failed.	2
After reading excerpt, there were many obstacles the builders faced in attempting to dock dirigibles on top of the Empire State Building. Firstly, the lack of a suitable landing area. The builders knew they had to add a mooring mast to the top of it so it could safely land and passengers could board and exit off. Another problem they faced was placing a thousand-foot dirigible at the top of the building, which would at stress to the buildings frame. This pressure along with the wind pressure would have to be converted all the way to the buildings foundation. Lastly, the biggest obstacle was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of violent air currents, allowing the back of the ship to swivel around the mooring mast. Although was a bright idea to improve transportation, this product never worked and was not thought out properly.	3
Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that United States dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If the dirigible was ever destroyed by fire above a densely populated area like downtown New York the accident could be very dangerous. One of the grestest obstacle of using the mooring mast was nature itself. The author says "The winds on top of building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast." Dangling lead weights to weigh it down over pedestrians on the streets was niether practical nor safe. The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 tells a few obstacles the builders had to face to allow dirigibles to dock the Empire State Building.	3
Builders faced multiple obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One obstacle was that the dirigible would add too much stress to the frame of the building if it landed there. The building would have to be modified costing over sixty thousand dollars more.Another obstacle faced was the gas inside the dirigible. Some used hydrogen which is extremely flammable. Since New York is highly populated, if something were to go wrong, it would be unsafe. Also, the winds at the top of the building were very strong. The back of the dirigible would be "swivelling around the mooring mast."The last obstacle would be that it is "illegal for a ship to ever tie up or approach of building." The attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building failed. There were too many obstacles.	4
While building the Empire State Building, workers faced many obstactles while attempting for dirigibles to dock there. A dirigible attached to the mast and building would add extra stress, so builders instead had to over sixty thousand dollars worth of reconstructions to fix the buldings framework. Dirigibles also dock with a line running from the front of the ship to the mast, and while they planned for the blimp to be able to sway in the wind, it was unrealistic that any ship could attach to the building at the high winds.Other obstacles they faced in letting dirigibles dock the building, was because of the safety hazards, the hydrogen used in most dirigibles from outside of the U.S. is highly flammable. Builders also did not take into consideration the pre-existing law against airships flying too low over urbanized areas, so it was illegal for a dirigible to tie to the building. The task of having dirigibles attach to the Empire State building was an impossible task to begin with. 	4
As it was the idea of a dirigibles dock was quite far fetched THe first problem thay encountered was that having a thousand foot long dirigible attached to the empire state building would cause a great strain on the buildings framework, @CAPS1 they would have to change the structure of the entire building to strengthen its framework. The largest problem was a matter of safety. Dirigibles use hydrogen which is extremely flammable, also the author states "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents" making the idea of a dirigibles dock extremly to risky. They should have been spotted before so much money was put into making this dock.	3
In The mooring mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the reason for the tall spire was revealed as a mooring mast for zeppelins to land. there were many difficultys faced by the builders of the Empire state building in attempt for zeppelins to actually land there. on difficulty was the stress added by the weight of the dirigible "over @NUM1 $ of work was done to the foundation. This was difficult because it could think adding that much steel to a beautiful building couldn't be easy. anouther difficulty addition involved "the mast... would to a conical head this would house a mooring arm" think about how easy it is to take a ornate @NUM2 foot spire @NUM3 feet to the top, not easy. Last "the winds at top were constantly shifting due to violent air currents" this means all the framing workers went through hell to make the building.	2
During the construction of the Empire State Building the builders experience many obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that the builders cannot just drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building. "A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable teather, would add stress to the buildings frame." Another problem the workers faced is they would have to change the entire design of the building to meet the accommodations of the mooring dock. The largest reason why the dock didn't work out was safety. The author writes "most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium..." This means that the dirigibles are highly flameable and if one exploded over the densely packed New York it would have serious reprocusions. All of these reasons are why the mooring dock never came to life on top of the Empire State building.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were one it was very windy so it was hard for the dirigibles to hook up to the gear. Anouther was the dirigibles very flamable so they were a danger to the city if the caught on fire. One other reason was it is illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area	3
The builders of the Empire State Building attempted to create a mast where dirigibles could dock. At first I thought it was a great idea, then realized there were obstacles. First obstacle discovered was "most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium" (Lüsted). This was an issue because hydrogen is very flammable and if it were to catch on fire in New York, thousands of people would be hurt/killed. The greatest obstacle was the wind. The amount of wind changed constantly and even if the dirigible was attached properly, the back would continue to move around, which would lead to danger on the streets. The dirigible would be dangling over the pedastrians (Lüsted). One other reason was a legal reason. It was illegal to fly a dirigible too low over urban areas, therefore the dirigible was not allowed to get low enough to land on the building Two tried and neither of them were successful. The constructors of the mooring mast were oblivious to these issues at the beginning, than realized them after. The Empire State Building could not be used to land dirigible due to the fact that non-U.S dirigibles used Hydrogen, the current of the wind changes frequently, and it was illegal to fly the dirigible low enough to attach.	4
Intended uses for buildings often are met with challenges. In the article "The Mooring @CAPS1" by @PERSON1, the obstacles faced in allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building are discussed. The first obstacle faced is stated in paragraph @NUM1, when to build a dock on top of the building the entire building would have to be inforced. This was an obstacle because it would be at a cost of @MONEY1. Another obstacle faced was the weather. Above the building violent air currents rage. These currents would cause the ship to swivel around and around the mooring. The final obstacle in allowing dirigibles to dock was the law. According to the article, "an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas... Would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building." The cost of reinforcing the building, the weather, and the laws were three obstacles faced in docking blimps to the Empire State building.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the building. The first obstacle was that the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified. The excerpt says, "over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework." Another obstacle was safety. After the German dirigible Hindenburg caught on fire, builders realized how bad the devastation would be if that happened over densely populated New York City. Nature was also a large obstacle. Shifting air currents at the top of the building would make the dirigible very unstable. It would be dangerous to have an unstable dirigible hanging above crowded city streets. Finally, at the time there was an "existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." These obstacles are were the architects of the Empire State Building from attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	4
Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were high wind currents, and an already existing law that was against airships flying too low over urban areas.The first reason dirigibles couldn't dock was because of overly powered wind currents on top of the Empire State Building. It was mentioned in paragraph @NUM1 that "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe." @CAPS1 was being said here was that it would be unsafe for people if the dirigibles were going to dock near the Empire State during violent air currents.The other reason why dirigibles couldn't dock was because of the law saying they were against airships flying to low over urban areas. @CAPS1 this law made it illegal for the ships to tie up to the building and even get to close to the area. It was said in paragraph @NUM2 that dirigibles did try to reach the building." In December 1930 the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area which would puncture the dirigible's shell, the captain could not even take his hands off the control levers. Since the dirigible was @CAPS1 big it couldn't get close enough because of sharp objects on other buildings.It is clear that the builders of the Empire State Building went through challenging obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. All because of very violent wind or air currents and the already existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas.	3
The builders faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. One was that they had find away that would not make the building to unstable "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building... would add stress to the building's frame." Another obstacles was the winds would be too strong and not safe for the dirigible to be up there "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." A third example would be that it was too dangerous to have the dirigible up there because the gases with in were extremely flamible "most dirigibles from outside of the united states used Hydrogen... and Hydrogen is highly flammable." The final obstacles the builders would have to face was that there is a law that does not allow airships to come to close to the ground in urban areas. So in conclution we can see that even though it was a good idea to port dirigible is was not a practical one.	4
In the excerp "The Mooring Mast", by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They had to come up with a safe plan which included building designs and figure out problems they failed to see from the begginning.The first obstacle was meeting with the navy and other experts to come up with a safe and practical plan. They had to find a way to land the dirigibles without adding stress to the buildings frame and without spending @MONEY1 to strengthen it. The builders came up with a plan that included what the mast would have to be made of and what wold be on each floor. They even had to finish the roor before the mooring mast cold take place.The largest obstacle was one they failed to see from the beginning. In building the mooring mast, they would have to face obstacles that nature brought, which was simply impossible. Safety was the main problem. if a fire occurred, there would be a disaster. The winds were too strong due to violent air currents and there was a law prohibiting airships from flying too low. After all this work, they couldn't get passed the obstacles, and the mooring mast was never built.	3
Based on the @CAPS1 "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1, The builders of the Empire State building faced many obsticals in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Many obsticals came forth with building the Empire State building with Al Smith constructing the whole building. With Al Smith constructing the whole building, he was determined to outstrip the height. Al Smith secretly constructed a 185 foot spire inside the building, the shocked the media and public by hoisting it up to the top of the Chrysler building. Another obstical that was faced during the building of the Empire State building was the idea of having dirigibles being able to dock at the very top of the building. The idea of having the dirigibles being docked at the top of the Empire State building, the dirigibles would only be held by a single cable tether, which would add amounts of stress to the buildings frame. The greatest obstical that came to building the Empire State building with the idea of docking dirigibles at the top was safety. Most dirigibles from outside the U. S. Used hydrogen rather than helium, & hydrogen is very flammable and if anything to happen it could destroy New York. These are the reasons why the builders of the Empire State building faced my obsticals in the @CAPS1 "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1.	2
When designing the Empire State Building, architect Al Smith had the idea of futuristic Dirigible travel in mind. However, he faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at this giant building, as described in The Mooring Mast. Mooring a dirigible to the top of it "... would add stress to the building's frame." In order to allow dirigibles to dock, Smith had to modify the buildings frame: transmitting pressure all the way down to the foundation. Smith also faced the issue of foreign balloons; most of which used the highly flammable hydrogen, Instead of helium. A fire caused by a dirigible docked to the Empire State Building would rapidy spread to the city. Smith found that nature caused problems as well. Due to the changing winds atop the building, "... the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast," @CAPS1 pedestrians. Because of all these obstacles, the idea of a dirigible mooring was given up, but the mast remains today. 	3
There were many obstacles the builder's of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Some obstacles were the lack of a suitable landing area. Another obstacle was they could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the buildings flat roof, a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. Also if they wanted to do this, it would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constatly shifting due to violent air currents. To reduce this dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down with lead weights, but the obstacle to this is having weights dangling high above pedestrians was neither practical nor safe. All these obstacles, yet these people were still able to build the Empire State building with a mooring mast.	4
Based on the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, builders of the Empire State Building were faced with obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The author writes, "the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mas was nature itself." (Lüsted, paragraph @NUM1) It was reported that the winds on top of the building were constantly changing because of violent air currents. A dirigible on the building would not be able to land properly or be weighted down with lead weights like those in open landing fields. It would not be practical to dangle weight over the heads of hundreds of people walking in the streets below. In addition to nature itself, safety was another great obstacle that the builders were faced with. It is written that, "Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (Lüsted, paragraph @NUM2). Since hydrogen is highly flammable, an accident could be extreme in a densely populated area like downtown New York where the Empire State Building was located. An accident had already occurred with a German dirigible by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. When all is said and done, nature and safety were two obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.	4
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" written by @ORGANIZATION2, the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1 under "The Fate of the Mast", the first line says "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. Strong winds due to violent air currents would make it impossible to dock a dirigible on the Empire State Building. The wind would blow the dirigible off the mast into New York City. In paragraph @NUM2 under "The Fate of the Mast", a line states "The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." This law made it illegal for dirigibles and other aircraft to even fly in such and urban area like New York. One final obstacle is safety precautions. In paragraph @NUM3 a line states, "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium." If a dirigible were to crash and it had this highly flammable gas it would create a massive disaster. Violent winds, laws, and safety precautions are all against the docking of dirigibles at the mooring mast.	4
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there were many and at the end the dock could not happen. One of the obstacle was that buildings foundation had to be modified. In the story it says, "The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation which was nearly eleven hundred feet below.". Being so high the dock would be moved around because of the winds. Also the blimp itself could not even attached itself to the dock because the winds wouldn't let it. In the end the dock wasnt meant to happen it came with a lot of problem for the builders and even the artitechs.	3
During the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock in the Empire State Building, builders faced many obstacles. One of these obstacles was to modify the whole frame of the building. "A thousand- foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame... The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." This quote from the excerpt cleary shows that the builders would have to move around this to complete their job, which would entirely make this situation an obstacle. Another obstacle faced by the workers was nature itself. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This quote shows another obstacle because builders could not find a practical way to get the passengers off, and putting lead in the back would only endanger the pedestrians below. The final obstacle the builders faced was the safety of everyone. "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." This quote shows a very big obstacle, which actually happened to the German dirigible Hindenburg. Those were the obstacles that were faced by the workers during the time of attempting to dock dirigibles on the Empire State Building.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. One main reason was that it was illegal for dirigibles to dock. "Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas", @CAPS1 @NUM1. Also mother nature prevented dirigibles ability to dock there. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents", @CAPS1 @NUM2. However some dirigibles attempted to dock. In 1930 the U.S. Navy, Los Angeles tried to dock, but due to the severe winds could not. New York was a very densely populated area, and having explosive hydrogen floating low over the city could cause a huge threat. "When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey." This showed the builders and owners of the Empire State Building that it was very dangerous for dirigibles trying to dock there. A main set of problems the builders faced was making the building itself strong enough to allow dirigibles to dock. The builders had to modify the frame of the Empire State Building and design a custom mooring device. The builders were faced with legal and safety problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	4
The obstacles the buildes of the empire state building faced were that they had to make it strong. Also they had to be sure that the dirigibles wouldn't destroy the building when it landed. they also had to care ful that the dirigbles would crash in to the building when it was droping off the papers. An other obstacle for the workes was that the driagbles would not be able to land easily. Finally, they would have to make sure that nothing is out of place and working.	1
The success of the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was prevented by many obstacles. Safety was one of the greatest reasons because "most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen was flammable." @CAPS1 starting in a densely populated city like New York could damage a lot of people. Nature also proved to be an obstacle because "winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This would cause the dirigible to "swivel around and around the mooring mast" that was neither practical nor safe. It would also be difficult to control the dirigible once it is tied to the mast because of the violent motion that the dirigible is in. There was also an existing law "against airships flying too low over urban areas". This law made it illegal for any dirigible to even get near the mooring mast or tie to it. All of these obstacles were faced by the builders of the mooring mast, which eventually led to the disregarding of the idea of using the mooring mast for ships.	3
Obstacles are faced everyday, but the builders of the Empire State Building had even harder challenges in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building. The reasons as to why dirigible could not dock there were obvious. Most dirigibles use hydrogen, a very flammable elements, to float. If a dirigible caught fire above a densely populated area, like downtown New York, a very serious problem would develope. Another obstacle, being faced, was nature. The winds were constantly shifting because of violent air currents causing the back of the ship to swivel around the mooring mast. Lead weights could be used to weigh down the back of the ship, but dangeling these weights above pedestrians is very dangerous. Also, there is a law preventing airships from flying too low over urban areas, making it illegal for a dirigible to ever tie up to the building. The idea for making a mooring mast on the Empire State Building was a clever idea, but evidently it was impossible.	3
There are many problems with trying to dock dirigibles to the Empire State Building. First, there was a German dirigible called the Hindenburg that caught fire due to the hydrogen. Having a dirigible go up in flames over dense New York would result in many lives lost. Second, the wind 1,250 feet in the air is very strong and unpredictable. There was no way to be sure that the dirigibles could even dock or be controlled once docked. Lastly, there is a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. It would almost certainly be against the law for a dirigible to be so close to a building with so many people in it. Since these problems all could result in deaths, the idea was thrown out.	3
When the idea of a mooring dock for dirigibles first @CAPS1 about it seemed like a brilliant idea But as time and construction went on, the surmounting obstacles that arose made the idea of a Mooring dock stayed just an idea. When the mooring mast was finished, the obvious safety hazards stopped it from fulfilling it purpose. The greatest @CAPS2 hazard was the nature of the mast itself. The Winds at that height were strong, violent and constantly Shifting. Even if the dirigible was tethered down, the back of the ship would be swireled around the mooring mast.Another hazard was that most dirigiples from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is extremely flammable. After the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that they could not take that @CAPS3. A final obstacle that arose was a law that was against Airships flying too low over urban areas. this law made it illegal for a ship to even come near the building.	3
The @ORGANIZATION1 spire was originally built to be more than just visibly stimulating. The spire was actually a mooring mast to be used for docking dirigibles. Dirigibles, or blimps, were thought to be the transportation of the future, but the mast had many obstacles it had to overcome. Al Smith saw an opportunity to make the Empire State Building and all of New York on the fore front of modern travel. The mast would have to support and withstand a dirigibles weight so, "over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework." The constant threat of wind made the plans too dangerous as well. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Finally, most dirigibles were highly flammable and couldn't be safely docked with at endangering the public. A disaster like that would have been much worse..." if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." Building a mooring mast on the empire state building and many obstacles involved.	3
Based on the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted. One of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced was that the airship couldn't moor at the Empire State Building because the winds on top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents. Another obstacle but the builders faced was that there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for airships if they ever try to approach the area.	2
the obstacles the builders went threw was using hydrogen which is flammable. Another one is the "wind on the top of the building were constintly shifting due to violent air currents." the third one is when the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. last but not least the law against airships flying to low over urban areas.	2
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when trying to make it safe for dirigibles to dock there. Three main issues they faced were adding stress to the building, safety, and urban laws. The Empire state building was already huge & fragile so adding a lot of way to it, would not have helped, "a @DATE1 foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the building's frame." The architects could not want this, they had to make changes. Before they made the changes, they also realized that it was extremely windy up there, "winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." @CAPS1, it would be safe to be up there, never knowing how bad the winds would be. So they decided to make the building shorter. After all the work they put in, it still wasn't good enough because there was a law that was "against airships flying to low over urban areas". After all the time and hard work they put in, there was, in the end, no way to have this idea be successful.	3
Other than making ammendments to building plans, the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in safety, practicality, and legality. The hydrogen used in most foreign dirigibles is highly flammable, posing as an extreme safety hazard "above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." Also, due to natural, violent wind currents at the altitude of the mooring mast, it would be more difficult, and dangerous, to weigh down docking dirigibles. Lastly, the building plans for the Empire State building did not correspond to existing laws. Laws forbade airships from traveling at low altitudes over urban areas; therefore the use of the mooring mast would be illegal. Before the builders were able to finish the Empire state building, they had to carefully consider each of these obstacles.	3
Most dirigibles from outside of U.S. used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION1, New jersey, On May 6, 1937, the ownes of the Empire state Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken above a densely populated area such as downtown New york.	2
The builders faced many problems trying to allow the dirigibles to dock. The biggest obstacle the had was the wind. At that elevation the was constantly shifting. If the dirigibles was tethered the back would swivel. Another problem was that they could not weigh it down. Sence it was elevated if the dirigible was weighted down it would fall. Those are some of the obstacle the builder faced.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. One obstacle was that a dirigible moored at the top of the building held by single cable, would add stress to the buildings frame. The still frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened to withstand the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents, causing the ship to swivel around and around the mooring mast. Another major obstacle was that there was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for the ships to ever tie up or even approached the building. The last obstacles the builders had to get around was the issue with safety. Most dirigibles used either helium or hydrogen, both highly flammable gases. When the Hindenburg was destroyed by fire, the builders realized how dangers that could be over a populated area. These are just some of the many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building had to take into consideration when attempting to allow dirigible to dock their.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The challenges ranged from nature itself to laws against it. They didn't take into consideration the constantly shifting air atop the building. At such heights as the moring mast violent air currents would cause the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast. This was also due to the fact that the blimp would only be tethered in the front. Not only were those large factors coming into play but laws also came in the way of dirigibles mooring at the Empire State. They didn't think about the existing law. It stated that air ships flying to low or over urban areas was against the law. So many factors came into play with building such a project. Overall it was too far fetch of an idea.	3
The obstacles the builder of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, was noticing that the dirigibles would be unsafly dangling high above pedestrians on the Street. There were many risk when landing the huge dirigibles and also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to even approach the area. Famous and important dirigibles had lots of trouble with their landing like for example on December 1930, the U.S Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mask but could not get close enough because of forceful winds. The dirigible could move uncontrolably and crash into the Sharp Spires on other buildings around it. In @CAPS1 of becoming the of transportation of the future, dirigibles had given way to airplanes.	3
Based on excerpt, "The Mooring @CAPS1," by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced certain obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, such as the violent air currents, and the safety of pedestrians.One obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced was the violent air currents. According to the excerpt, the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting. So if a dirigible happened to get caught in this they would be dangling high above pedestrians. Example of this would be, "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring @CAPS1 the back of the ship with swivel around and around the mooring mast." (@NUM1) Another obstacle was the safety of pedestrians. When owners heard about the German dirigible, Hindenburg, was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, they decided that it would be even worse if it had taken place in a heavily populated place like New York. An example of this would be, "owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."In conclusion, the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast", written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced certain obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Such as the violent air currents and the city pedestrians.	3
The builders of the Empire State building had a grand idea of including a mooring mast where dirigibles, also known as zeppelins or blimps, could dock themselves. Though the idea was good, it provided the builders with many obstacles. For example, when the framework was being built, the mast was going to have to be added to the top. The mast couldn't just be dropped on, however because if a dirigibles were to the moored there, it would put too much stress on the building's framework. This revelation caused them to have to modify the entire framework to make it stronger which was very expensive.Another difficulty the builder's faced, after construction was completed, in allowing dirigibles to dock there was nature. The building was 1,250 feet tall, so the winds up at the top were constantly changing and dangerous, making it difficult for the dirigible remain stationary when moored. Also, something the builders didn't foresee was the laws against blimps flying to low over urban areas. These two challenges ended up making the use of the mooring mast impossible	3
Al Smith had a vision; to create a site for modern travel. Smith faced many obstacles and persisted with hard efforts in attempt to bring his vision to life. The stress of a thousand foot dirigible would have been to much pressure for the original framework of the Empire State Building. Over @MONEY1 worth of changes had to be made to strengthen the buildings framework. In addition the builders had designed a mast the would be rocket-shaped, made with aluminum, which could accomadate the mooring arm, and the control machienery would be in the shaft; housing elevators and stairs for passengers on the dirigible. Another obstacle they had to face was the lack of floors that would serve as a boarding area for the passengers. They had begun to build additinoal floors with a glassed-in observation area and a boarding area. Although the mooring mast for the dirigibles was a fiasco, Al Smith and many architects tried to make all the modifications they could have to fulfill Smith's vision for what he thought was the Empire State Building's destiny	2
While attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast, Empire State Building building faced many obstacles. One problem they encountered was the use of hydrogen in dirigibles rather than the use of helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable and actually caused a dirigible to be destroyed by fire. Also, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents, making it difficult for a dirigible to stop swiveling around-a safety hazard for pedestrians below. Lastly, it was illegal for aircraft of any sort to fly so low over urban areas. At first, the idea of the mooring mast was well-liked but in the end it had too many problems and proved to be impractical.	3
From the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, the architechs building the Empire state building faced many obstacles. in attempting to allow drigibles to dock there. An obstacle they faced in attempting to let the drigbles to dock there we're the winds. As it says in the excerpt, "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around..." The dirigible would not be stable. Another obstacle they faced was to weigh it down, they'd have to use lead weight but it wouldnt be "practical nor safe" dangling high above people in @LOCATION1 on the Street. Overall The architecs faced a lot of obstacles for docking the dirigibles, Most being either practical or not safe.	2
From the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast," by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attenting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First, the designing as well as the cost of this project could encounter problems. Such as, "add stress to the building's frame." If the mass interfered with the frame of the building, then changing the material of the building could cost "over sixty thousand dollars!" In addition, safety was a major component when trying to construct the mooring mast. For example, "Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen...and hydrogen is highly flammable." New York is a very populated area, which means when building a mooring mast, safety must be considered into perspective. Lastly, their were restrictions on airships flying too close to cities. As it states in the excerpt, "an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." Overall, when constructing the mooring mast, many builders were blind to the potential problems, making the project unsuccessful.	3
During the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. Often times something is predicted to work out a whole lot easier than it actually does, which is exactly what happened in this situation. As stated in the excerpt "the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." For the builders, this was quite a project and took an extreme amount of time and effort. Also, the builders eventually realized that there were huge safety issues with this new design. "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. This was a huge obstacle that stood in the way of their plan. "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself." Shifting winds due to violent air currents were also a huge issue. All of these things contributed to the mooring mast not ever becoming successful.	3
On December 11, 1929, Al Smith had the idea to make the Empire State Building the tallest building in the U.S.. He wanted to out-do the Chrysler Building, Smith wanted it to be 1,250 feet. His idea was to add a mooring mast. However, issues got in the way such as how highly flamable blimps were, how densely populated the city was, and the violent shifting winds.Blimps are highly flammable because they contain both hydrogen and hellium. on May 6, 1937, German dirigible was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. New York City has millions of tourists a day, in such a populated area what if something went horribly wrong. The greatest issue was nature. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents... the back of the ship would Swivel around the mooring mast." (@CAPS1, @NUM1).On May 6, 1937 owners of the building concluded that efforts to make the Empire State Building the tallest building was neither practical nor safe.	3
Based on the article, "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, including the overall structure of the building being affeted by stress from the dirigible, safety issues, and the impact of nature. To start off, the dirigible's weight plus the wind pressure around the building, caused too much stress to the building's frame. The steel frame of the building would have to be strengthened and modified in order for the dirigible to be docked onto it. This modification and strengthening of the building process would call for an investment of over sixty thousand dollars. Next, the safety issue arose after being neglected before the building process began. Most dirigibles there were used outside of the United States contained hydrogen, which is a highly flammable gas, as opposed to using helium. This was a serious problem for a German dirigible named Hindenburg, when it was destroyed by fire in New Jersey in 1937. @ORGANIZATION2 writes "the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York" (@ORGANIZATION2 @NUM1). This was a major obstacle along with the wind factor. The winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting and no lead weights could be placed on the dirigible to stop it from shifting because it was a serious threat to pedestrians below. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles that prevented them from becoming a big landing spot for dirigibles.	4
Obstacles that the builders had faced involved safety for those below the dirigible and those on it. One proble they faced was that if something happened to the dirigible like the Hindenburg. Then the pedestrians below could get hurt if the zeppelin came crashing down. It was also a problem with passengers because in a city they could easly crash. It tells how when the "Los Angeles" tryed to get close enough it couldn't because the strong winds so high up could have knocked it into a different building.Other obstacles builders faced were nature and the law. When high up wind currents can be very strong and changing. It talked of how if the dirigible were tethered the wind would cause the back of the ship to keep swiveling around the mooring mast. The final obstical builders would have to over come was the law. There were already laws in place preventing dirigibles to fly low in urban areas. If ships had tethered to the building than they would have been doing so illegally.	4
In the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building. First they had to make sure that the mast wasn't too heavy to put on top of the building and when they realized it was they made @MONEY1 of modifications to the building so that it could support the mast. They also had to make sure it would be safe, transporting people through this dirigible. It depended on the wind and climate. They also had to make the building taller than the Chrysler building. They wanted to transform New @CAPS1 transportation. In the end, they realized that docking on the building was not possible if they wanted to keep everything safe to the public.	2
There were three main @CAPS1 that the builders faced: safety, Nature and THE LAW.The first obstacle that they faced was safety. Many blimps used Hydrogen instead of Helium. While Helium is a @CAPS2 gas, Hydrogen is a @CAPS3 which are combustible.The second obstacle they faced was Nature. The @CAPS4 winds blew the Blimps off target and because they weren't aero dynamic, it was @CAPS5 to manever them.The third obstacle was a law that stated that Blimps can't fly too low, so if the other @CAPS1 didn't exist, it would still be illegal.IN conclusion, they Should Have built a @CAPS6 because @CAPS7 are simply better than Blimps.	3
When attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, the builders had many obstacles to face. Most of the dirigibles used at the time were from countries other than @LOCATION1, so they used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flammable so if it caught on fire it would go down in a very populated area. Another obstacle was at that height, the wind was very strong and violent. When tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the dirigible would be caught by the wind and swing around the mooring mast. The last obstacle was there was a law stating that dirigibles can not fly too low over urban areas this made it impossible for a dirigible to ever come close to the building.	3
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders faced obstacles such as how the dirigibles would stay tied to the mast. They weren't sure as to how they would keep the dirigible from swiveling from air currents. As said in paragraph @NUM1, "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's framework." Another problem faced was the use of hydrogen in the dirigibles made them highly flammable.	2
The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building were quite aparent. One obstacle was that of nature, winds atop the building were at high speeds and always changing, this would make the dirigible unstable and difficult to dock. Another obstacle they faced was that of the passangers and bystanders safety. The dirigible could become uncontrollable putting many lives in danger. The last obstacle the builders faced was that of a law against flying airships too low over urban areas, it would make it illegal for a dirigible to dock on the Empire State building. The many obstacles that the builders faced blocked the completion of having a dirigible dock atop the Empire State building.	2
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builder of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there. For example "the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below," which describes that the problem that the builders would have to face if they applied the mast and with the load of the dirigible and the wind pressure would mess up the foundation of the building. So the builders needed to find a way to not ruin the foundation of the Empire State Building. Another example is "The steal frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened." This evidence explains that if the mast was to be place the builders would have to strengthen the entire building so there would be no problems with the mast	1
The empire state building was high in the air, (@NUM1 ft) the problems were is that the building moves while it's in the air, and if you have something that is weighting around the heavy fifty-thousand pounds maybe more than the building might rip off if there is a big windstorm. The dock sounded like a good idea but you would need a winch and you would have to put some big clamps on the building to secure the balloon or dirigible to dock and refuel. In paragraph @NUM2, @PERSON1 of the building's architectural office said "The as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone to a later date the final installation of the landing gear." If Irving ever decides to put a blimp up and make an air station then make new technology. Who know's in the future we could have cars that fly through air, why not have balloons attached to buildings.	1
On December 11, 1929, Al Smith, the four-term governor of New York, annanced that the Empire State Building would reach the height of 1,250 feet. At the time it would be the world's tallest building, but the builders faced obstacles with the more distinctive part; allowing dirigibles to dock there. First, it would be difficult to build a suitable landing area. As described in paragraph @NUM1 of the excerpt, a dirigible held by a single cable would add stress to the building's frame. Therefore, the steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened so that the added stress would be transmitted all the way down to the building's foundation. Also, safety is a huge issue. In paragraph @NUM2, it stated that "most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." The builders came to realize that if one of the dirigibles were to catch fire, like the German Hindenburg in New Jersey, it would cause huge problems due to the fact that New York is densely populated. Lastly, nature itself is an obstacle for the builders. The winds on top of the building are constantly shifting do to violent air current. As described in paragraph @NUM3, the back of the ship would swivle around and the lead weights would be dangerous for the pedestrians down below. Overall, the construction of the mast was difficult, and unfortunately is never to be used.	4
The Empire State Building was an incredible building without the idea of the attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. But with this idea of this mooring mast it braught up many obstacles like the safety of the public. Lüsted states "Most dirigibles outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) This statement proves that if the dirigible were catch fire like the accident in Lakehurst, New Jersey, then the citizens of New York's lives would be at stake. This safety hazard is one of the builder's problems.     These archatets faced many challenges with this mooring mast idea. Including the dangerous factor of nature. Lüsted states "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This is extremely dangerous because the dirigibles start to move around the building while docked causing hazardous menuvers and putting pedestrian's lives at risk. For this mooring idea, it is too dangerous for the public and the city of New York.	3
The obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the winds on top of the Empire State Building. This is because in paragraph @NUM1 it states that "the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This promblem would make the dirigibles Swivel around in the air. Another obstacle is that the dirigibles had is that it uses hydrogen and Helium which is highly flammable.	2
The obsticles The empire state building were The baloons being made out of flammable material, The wind blowing The dirigible around	1
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the fact that they needed a mooring mast so that the dirigibles could anchor, but they couldn't drop a mooring mast on the flat surface of the Empire State Building's roof. It would put too much stress to the building. This problem cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another obstacle was safety precautions. The dirigibles were mostly filled with highly flammable hydrogen. If a dirigible was to catch on fire, then the whole Empire State Building would be destroyed, including everyone in it. It also wasn't safe because strong, violent winds could blow and detach the dirigible, causing danger to pedestrians below. One other obstacle that the builders faced was the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. If they tried to anchor a dirigible on the Empire State Building, it would be illegal. Due to all of these obstacles not getting results, the whole idea has disappeared.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allowing dirgibles to dock there. One obstacle was the wind at the top of the building. The winds there were "constantly shifting due to violent air currents". This made it dangerous for a dirigible to stop there. Another obstacle was a law against flying dirigibles over cities. The law made it "illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area". Since they were banned from doing this, no pilot would ever more there. A third obstacle was the decreasing use of dirigibles.  With the Hindenburg incident on May 6, 1937 and the increasing use of airplanes, not many people few on airships anymore. In conclusion, several obstacles prevented the docking of dirgibles to the Empire State Building.	3
The Top of the Empire State Building would be more than ornamental, more than a spire or dome or a pyramid but there to add a desired few feet to the height of the building or to mask.	0
Based on the excerpt there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle the builders faced was the dirigibles were too big and could be dangerous. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame." This shows that it will be harder to build the mast than expected. Another obstacle the builders ran into was that the building would have to be modified. "The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." The biggest obstacle the builders faced is that it wasn't safe. "Most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" @CAPS1 some of the obstacles the builders ran into	3
In the passage "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are brought out. The author brings our "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself". The climate and winds were constantly changing at the height of the building. The back of the dirigibles would then swivel which could very well be dangerous. Also the builders had to take into account the fact "most dirigibles... used hydrogen rather than helium, & hydrogen is highly flammable." The Empire State Building is in the middle of New York, a highly populated State. The explosion of a dirigible at the top of the Building would be very dangerous & would lose a lot of lives. The builders of the Empire State Building under went many challenges in trying to allow Dirigibles to dock.	3
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders faced many obstacles when attempting to build the Empire State Building for use of dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle that the architects and engineers faced was that "most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium" (@NUM1) this was very dangerous because hydrogen is highly flammable. Another obstacle that was faced was that "the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." (@NUM2) even though the dirigible would be tied down to the mooring mast "the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast" (@NUM2) Another problem due to the winds would be that "the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell" (@NUM4) A last example of an obstacle would be that there is a law stating that all "airships flying too low over urban areas" (@NUM4) was illegal. Even if there wasn't a law making it "illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area" (@NUM4) the attemption of even trying would be very dangerous to the people around and below it, and the building itself.	4
The builders of the Empire State building faced several obstacles while attempting to let dirigibles dock on it. The first obstacle the builders encountered was the dirigible ability to dock on the building due to the building's structure. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the frame" (@NUM1). The frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened for the project to work. The next problem was the use of hydrogen in dirigibles, which is highly flamable. Anyone under the dirigible while it was docked could be in danger if the blimp was destroyed by fire. The biggest problem the builders encountered was the violent air currents. The back of the dirigibles would constantly swivel around while docked due to the constantly changing winds. The mooring mast was not a safe idea that could never have worked.	3
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia amidon @CAPS1 there was a few obstacles while trying to build a dock for the Empire State Building.The first obstacle was the little room they had for a landing spot. New York has alot of people in it and alot of buildings. "The one obstacle to there expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area." They were very big so they needed enough room not to hit anything else.Secondly was safety. They had to think about all the people and how close it would be to the building. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." If the wind blew to hard it could swing it back into the building.Lastly the danger of the weights being over a whole bunch of peoples heads is pretty serious. "... using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street..." If one was ever to fail it would probly kill someone. No one would ever get over what happened.	3
The obstacles that were faced by the Empire State Building builders were numerous. First of all, if they had carried out their plans for the mooring mast without taking into account the weight of the dirigible, the building would surely have way too much stress forced on the foundation when it docked. Next, the fact that the dirigible weighs even less than air is both a negative and a positive. The negative side to it is the fierce winds that would take control of the back of the dirigible. Above the many pedestrians in the city, this idea was quickly ruled unsafe. Lastly, it was filled with hydrogen, which, naturally, is highly flammable. The use of hydrogen was very dangerous, and only added to the negative side of the project.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted shares some of the obstacles that were dealt with when trying to make it possible for blimps to land atop the Empire State Building. Lüsted discusses the obstacles of nature, safety, laws, and construction in "The Mooring Mast". Nature presented a huge setback in terms of docking dirigibles. As Lüsted writes, "even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast". The safety of docking blimps on the Empire State Building also became issue. "The owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse "an accident could be if it happened above downtown New York, instead of in a field. The laws in affect of the time made it illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas. This law makes docking a dirigible impossible in New York City. The construction alone of accommodating a mooring mast required "over @NUM1 dollars worth of modifications" and a lot of time and planning. As Lüsted says, "The mooring mast of The Empire State Building was destined to never fufill its purpose". The obstacles presented in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building were too great and too many. The laws, safety, construction, and nature of the time were too big a setback for this endeavor.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of those obsticles was that many dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen instead of helium. This was a problem because, "hydrogen is highly flammable" (para. @NUM1). Docking dirigibles that use hydrogen not helium had been proven dangerous by the German Hindenburg when it was destroyed in a fire, and if anything like that occurred over New York the results would be horrible. A second obsticle faced in allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building was another safety consern. The point was brought up that "winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents" (para. @NUM2). This would make it unsafe for the passengers on board the dirigible. A third obsticle faced is the fact that there was a law against airships flying too low over areas such as New York. That law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area." (para. @NUM3). Those are three obsticles the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building.	4
Right from the start, the Empire State Building had architectural demands that posed several obstacles for the builders of it, especially when it came to building the mooring mast for dirigibles. Initially, the Empire State Building was built only for inside use, so the mast would add stress to the buildings frame and possibly damage it. Secondly, the Empire State Building was built in a very densely populated area so if any malfunctions were to occur such as the Hindenburg in 1937, many people could be killed down below. Another problem posed to the mooring mast was nature itself. Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting, and they were very strong as well so any dirigible mounting on the building was threatened by swiveling and flying off when landing. The masters in the architectural era had made a true mistake when they planned the construction of the Empire State Building, and it never could have reached its potential for many obvious reasons.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. An example would be from the excerpt when the author writes in paragraph 6 "The one obstacle to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of suitable landing area." This quote means the builders were faced with the challenge of space to land the dirigibles because New York City was a relatively crowded area. Another example would be in paragraph @NUM1, when the author tells about the safety hazards. Many dirigibles used hydrogen insted of helium, which is extremely flammable. A last example would be in paragraph @NUM2 when the author describes the safety hazards. The builders had to consider the violent winds on the top of the building. Many obstacles came upon the builders.	2
To allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, the @CAPS1 had many obstacles to face. Some of the obstacles were there a morning mast could not be simply dropped and a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top. would add stress to the buildings frame." The architechs couldn not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof." The greatest obstacle to the mooring mast was nature itself. The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building had obstacles to face.	1
While constructing the Empire State Building, the builders were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there One such obstacle that the builders had overcome was the law that prevented airships (i.e. plains or dirigibles) from flying too low over urban areas. In paragraph @NUM1, we learn that "[this law] would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area." Another obstacle the building crew of the Empire State Building was faced with when constructing the mooring mast was nature itself. Because of the violent wind currents near the top of the building, the way the wind blew constantly changed, causing a great difficulty for any dirigible to connect to the mast properly. In paragraph @NUM2, we are told about how if it were possible to connect the mast to a dirigible that the back would swing. "Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighed down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the Street, was neither practical or safe." Because there were too many obstacles with not enough safe options, the mooring mast project were shut down; proving that during its construction its builders were faced with too many obstacles.	3
The obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building by attempting dirigibles to dock there were to many to predicte. The obstacles faced by dirigibles to dock there were because of many variables such as climite, Buildings and most of all the dirigibles them selfs.The climite as said in paragraph @NUM1 consisted with dangerouse and uncontraiable winds and the reason was because of the Empire State building itself. The urban areas around consited of sharp hull breaching spires and due to the winds it made a hull breach @NUM2 times more likely.Finaly there constrousion. Dirigibles were made with steel fram wrapped in cotton and filled with hydrogen to make it lighter unfortuntly the hydrogen with highly flamable.	2
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast", the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. For one just letting a thousand foot drigibles land on the top of a building was a huge obstacle.. By having the dirigible on the building held on by one cable tether was bad. So the builder had to work on the steel frame of the building so that the dirigible wouldn't add so much stress to the building. That was a huge obstacles the builders of the Empire State building had to face.	2
In the process of building the dock for dirigibles, builders faced some obstacles. The first obstacle builders faced, was the lack of suitable landing area. If there wasn't area to land, there was no reason or way to build it. Also, the builders would have to remodel the whole building. After the building was framed to the 85th floor, they couldn't build the mast until the roof was done, so it took even longer.The greatest obstacle the mast dealt with was nature itself, because the winds on the tops of the buildings were constantly shifting, so there was no way for a dirigible to land or stay in place without crashing. The final obstacle builders faced was a law against airships flying too low to the urban areas, which made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up or even approach the building.As you can see, there were many obstacles, and the mast wasn't useful. It was a great idea. But in my opinion it was a waste of time and money.	4
In the excerpt, "the mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the empire State building faced some obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obsticle was that in order to build it for docking dirigibles, they had to spend over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework. Also, another obsticle was because of the safety. Dirigibles were not that safe, they were flameable and would be over an area with many other buildings and people around. Those are a few obsticles that the builders of the empire State building faced in attempting to allow the docking of dirigibles.	2
When faced with the prospect of building the tallest building in the world, Al Smith refused to give up. In order to achieve his goal, he decided to build a Dirigible docking mast atop his new creation. But with this genius idea came obstacle after obstacle, preventing the idea from ever taking flight. One obstacle faced by Al Smith, and by far the greatest, was safety. Most non-American Dirigibles used hydrogen within their Dirigibles, which is highly flammable. The owners of the empire state building realized how bad it would have been if a fiery explosion happened "above a densely populated area such as downtown New York". Another great obstacle was nature itself. "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents". This made it impossible for the Dirigible to be tethered without the back of ship swireling around the mooring mast.	3
The obsticals that the @CAPS1 had with docking the Dirigibles were that even though they would be tied up in the front. The back end would still swivel in the wind. They couldn't put little waits on the back because if they ever fell they would @CAPS2 podestriens. And there was a law past ships couldnt dock on Building or even come close to rural areas. That is some of the obsticals the workers faced.	2
the obstacles the builder of the empire state Building faced were... When the were planning to build a mask for the Dirigibles. When they first tried to build it they figured out that the structure of the Empire State building could not hold the mask. The Empire State building had to souport both the mask and the Dirigibles. Then at the end of the story the figured out there was no way to do it. That was one of the obsticals.	1
The greatest abstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. There were high violent air currents causing the building to constantly shift. It was neither practical nor safe.	1
When the empire state building was constructed it ran into many problems attempting to dock dirigibles there. One problem they ran into is that most overseas blimps were still filled with hydrogen, which is a very flammable gas. The constructors did not want to re-create the Hindenburg accident over a densely populated area such as New York City. The greatest obstacle to the mooring mast was nature itself. The wind currents atop the building were violent and always shifting. Docking a Dirigible there in those conditions would cause it to swivel around the building and become unsafe for passengers. That is why the mooring mast never fulfilled it's purpose.	3
In attempting to dock dirigibles at the Empire State Building, many problems were faced. One problem faced was in paragraph nine where it says, "A thousand foot dirigible at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." If the did build the dirigible dock, the would have to reinforce the whole building so it would not collapse. Another problem faced was, most dirigibles used hydrogen, not helium. Therefore since hydrogen is Flammable they could not take the risk of a dirigible blowing up over a heavily populated area. A more ******* problem was the weather, specifically the wind, at @NUM1 feet. The air currents were so violent, that the dirigible would swivel around the mooring mast. Dirigibles usually land in an open field where they could be anchored by lead. According to the excerpt, dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe. Lastly, the most major problem was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. In paragraph @NUM2, the law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. Even through the dirigible dock was a great idea, too many problems were in conflict with the mooring mast for it to go in full effect. On the brighter side, it made the Empire State building the tallest in the world.	3
The lack of the landing area. Also the body of the dirigible can Swing Is another obstacle that the Empire State Building faced. The other obstacle they faced, "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." The dirigibles were flying to low over the urban areas and that is a law against airships. The @ORGANIZATION2 from Los Angeles could not get close enuff to tie up the dirigible do to the wind. Alot went wrong with transportation of Passengers so they stoped doing that.	3
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2 the architects faced many reasons in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The architects couldn't put a mooring mast at first because it will add stress to the buildings frame. The architects had to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the building to accomplish the new situation they are doing. Before putting the mooring mast the architects designed a shiny glass, chrome-nickel stainless steel tower to have the overall shape of the building. Even before constructing the mooring mast on top of the building the roof had to be completed. when putting the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building; it didn't work out. When they tested it the dirigible didn't get close enough to tie it up. So in the future "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION2 did not work out.	2
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.       One obstacal the builders faced was the winds on top of the building. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even though the dirigible were tyed dow to the mass, the ship would swivle around the mooring mass. This would make it unsafe for pedestrians.       Another issue with landing the dirigibles on the Empire State Building was safety. Most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is highly Flammable. When a German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire in Lakehurst, @LOCATION3 owners of the Empire State Building relized that accident would be much worse in down town New York.	3
There were many obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. According to the author, "... was destined to never fulfill its purpose [Empire State building being a dock for dirigibles], for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed." As the author points out, there were many problems with this idea. The reasons were: safety, strong winds, and laws prohibiting this to happen. The safety issue was that the dirigibles used hydrogen which was highly flammable. In fact the Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire. If a dirigibles burst into flames while near the Empire State Building, it would be very harmful to the many people in the city around the building. Strong winds were another problem because the Empire State Building is so high, the winds at the mooring station would be violent and unpredicting. This would make it difficult to land at the mooring station and if it successfully did attach, the back end of the dirigibles would be blown around by the wind. The final problem was that there was a law forbidding aircraft to be a certain distance from a city. This law was trying to prevent aircraft from crashing into city. With all of these problems, it is clear that this plan could never have worked effectively.	4
Obstacles builders faced in constructing the Empire State Building to allow the attempt of a dirigible to dock were blind. The tuge and pull of the unforecast wind made the dock dangers for passangers and the buildings foundation. However, making such attemps were eleagl for dirigibles to fly over urban areas, incase of failer. Spires as well made the drop impossible for them to approach also in case of puncher. Spending sixty thousand on modification to moor mast on the @ORGANIZATION2 for the safe dock of dirigibles. The idea was lost to the creation of the mordern new airplane.	3
The builders and architects faced several different obstacles & dilemnas that intefered with the construction of the Empire State Building. One of them being the funds necessary in order to produce such a large structure. They found themselves constructing and reconstructing the frame of the structure time and time again, all in a feeble attempt to reach the desired perfection. Another obstacle occurred when their entire concept shattered by the fact that not every dirigible intended to land on the mast was fueled by helium. The text reads, "Most digribles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This displays the severity of the idea, where risks like that just could not be taken, so they abandoned the idea of the mooring mast.	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, someone attempted a publicity stunt where they would tie up and deliver a bundle of newspapers to the Empire State Building. The workers moring equipment had never been installed because, putting the workers having to catch the bundle of papers on a rope dangling from the blimp in great danger. Also, the wind at the top of the building put workers at great risk of falling off, or dying	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. An obstacle dealt with if the dirigibles were fit to dock in the Empire State Building. Another obstacle dealt with the mast. These obstacles made this construction a failure such as the author who says, "The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed" in @CAPS1 thirteen.First of, @CAPS1 five states the dirigibles were actually enormous steel-framed balloons, with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make some lighter in the air." @CAPS1 six states that, "Some were as long as one thousand feet." @CAPS2 how may a blimp of that size ever managed to land on the Empire State Building. Also @CAPS1 nine says "A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." This @CAPS1 also states that "The stress the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."These were just a few of the obstacles the builders had to face. The fate of the mast such as in @CAPS1 @NUM1 says "was neither practical nor safe." The architects were blind to the potential problems of the mast. In the end the mast was a great attempt, but indeed a failure.	2
The builder's of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast. For example, when the builder's decided to construct the mast they knew that it could not just be placed on the roof. It had to be somehow attatched to the foundation of the building because the dirigible, "would add stress to the building's frame." Also, after the Hindenburg disaster the builders realized that the hydrogen inside the dirigible "is highly flammable." If a dirigible were to explode over New York City it would not only kill the people in the dirigible, but on the ground as well. Finally, the biggest obstacle of the mooring mast "was nature itself." The wind at the top of the building are very strong and would have swiveled around the mast. The many obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building never allowed any dirigibles to land there.	3
While attempting to build a mooring dock on top of the Empire State building, the builders had some problems to overcome. The winds in New York City were too strong to fly a dirigible in, one driver said "the captain could not take his hands off the control levers." @CAPS1 so close to buildings in a dirigible was illegal for fear of crashing into "sharp spires of other buildings in the area." The only way to prevent the dirigible from swinging violently was to put large lead weights on it, but that would not be practical over New York. In conclusion, docking a drigible on the Empire State Building was too difficult and it never happened.	2
Obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were problems such as strong winds a weak structure and public safety. The strong winds would almost make it imposible to hold it steady at the top while the weak structure would almost make it imposible to hold saflley at the top. with all of these hazards it is compleatly unsafe for people to ride, dock, and board these massive dirigibles at the top of the Empire State Building.	3
The construction of the mast was intentionally a good idea, but the people who where constructing it never actually realized the true dangers of the whole idea.Although they should have known, they should have realized that because the ship was attahed to the mast in one area, the ship was bound to swing around when it comes to a windy day because of the lack of weight. The builders also had to keep in mind that because the idea was huge, they had to make it perfect. They had to realize that many other builder are going to try this con cept which means they have to lead by example. If not then the other builders would have major problems people would be in danger.The builders and men who thought about using weights to balence off the weight of the ship. They needed to find a safe way accomplish this and unforunantly they could not. If they went through with it, one accident could have killed many people.The Dirigible was a great idea but they should have thought out the ideas before they went ahead and built it.	2
In the @DATE1's dirigibles were considered the transportation of the future. Trying to make New York the forefront of modern travel, the architects and builders of the Empire State building rushed to the challenge of building a mooring mast failling to recognize the obstacles that lay ahead. As the architects designed the mast they quickly realized the frame of the building was not equipped to handle the weight on top of its flat roof. Making those adjustments had cost builders more time and New York City more money. In addition workers had not considered wind currents. In this excerpt the writer says "the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds." @CAPS1 workers should have considered possible obstacles before building something as big a project as a mooring mast.	3
The builders, faced	0
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. First it was illegal to have an aircraft flying too close to a city "was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas". Another obstacle was the buildings structure if the blimp had docked there would be stress on the building "would add stress to the buildings Frame". The last obstacle was the wind would push the blimp around every which way when docked on the tower "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"	3
The builders of the mooring mast plan the construction well, but did not consider the potential risks of the mast. One reason that the mast's fate was sealed was because of safety issues. Most dirigibles, or blimps, used hydrogen rather than helium. If one of these blimps were to fall from the sky, many people below would be killed. New York has many people that walk everywhere. The builders also needed to considered the violent winds at such a high altitude. These winds could blow the dirigibles around, making it difficult to keep them in one spot for passengers to board, and to refuel. The winds are constantly shifting. They could blow the blimps onto the spires on the Empire State Building, causing them to burst and fall to the ground below. Unfortunately, there is a law that prevents airships from flying too low over urban areas. "This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area". I think that Al Smith was more focused on keeping his height record, more than the potential dangers of the mast.	3
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains the Empire State buildings past construction which led it to be the tallest building in the United States. Although the buider Al Smith had many obstacles, they faced of the hardest one when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles is allowing dirigibles to anchor their for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on. Another obstacle is letting dirigibles dock because of they need a place to tie up to a mast. It is stated, "Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, which haulled in a line from the front of the ship and then tied it to a mast" (Lüsted @NUM1) This can be a problem because the body of the mast could swing in alot of breeze. Although there were many obstacles Al Smith worked his way around them and procceded to finish the Empire State building with corage to take on all obstacles.	2
The mooring mast on the Empire State Building was intentionally built for dirigible docking. Although the problem with allowing that to happen was not questioned at the time of the mast's construction, safety issues were a major concern. Most dirigibles from outside the U.S. used hydrogen gas, which is extremely flamable. The news of the German dirigible Hindenburg being destroyed in flames greatly concerned the owners of the Empire State Building. They imagined how much more worse that would be if a dirigible combusted on the building and in a dense population of Downtown New York. This caused the builders of the Empire State Building to reconsider allowing dirigibles dock at it's mooring mast.	2
In the expert the builders of the Empire State Building faced a lot of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.The fabiric that they use for dirigibles is very lighter. "Cotton frabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them ligther than hair.They also imply that the architects did not try hard enough to solve the problems."The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill it purpose..."	0
When Al Smith first came up with the plan to use the Empire State Building is a mooring mast, he had no idea how obstacles they would face in a attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One large obstacle was safety. "Most dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." (@CAPS1 @NUM1) The reason this is so unsafe is because if the gas inside ever happened to catch on fire, the entire craft would exploded in flames. This is a hazard to those in the ship, as well as those in the streets below. Another obstacle was the high winds at the top of the building. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." (@CAPS1 @NUM2) This was a problem because it would cause to the dirigible to move all over the place. The idea of using lead weights to weigh it down was proposed, but they would be a danger to pedestrians below. A third and final obstacle they faced was the stress a dirigible would cause on the building's frame. The building's design was not capable of handling the stress of a dirigible tied to its mast, without changing the design, the dirigible would probable tear the building apart. The only solution was to strengthen the building "Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework," (@CAPS1 @NUM3). That is a ridiculous amount of money they had to spend just to make it possible for the dirigible to dock. It is easy to see how difficult the project was based on the many obstacles the builders had to face.	4
In the excerpt there were a few obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The largest issue with allowing the dirigibles to use the building as a mooring site was safety. It mentions in paragraph @NUM1 that the German dirigible, the Hindenburg, was destroyed by a fire in New Jersey. This brought on thoughts about it happening at the Empire State Building. If a dirigible caught fire while attached to the building there would be a high death rate due to New York City being so populated. Another obstacle would have been keeping the dirigibles from swiveling around the mooring mast. In paragraph @NUM2 the point that having lead weights away down the back of the ship would be quite dangerous with so many pedestrians on the street below. Yet another reason why trying to more the dirigibles to the building was not practical was because of "an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). This made it illegal for the ships to tie up to the building, let alone get close enough to try to. Tying all of these reasons together is the fact that the wind was too strong at the top of the building for anything to happen safely and without some sort of injury.	3
THE OBSTACLES IS "TO THE SUCCESSFUL USE OF THE MORNING MAST WAS NATURE ITSELF. THE WINDS ON TOP OF THE BUILDING WERE CONSTANTLY SHIFTING DUE TO VIOLENT AIR CURRENTS."	1
In order to let dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building, many changes had to made. The builders and planners both faced many obstacles. First of all, to even consider the idea, they had to "consult with experts" which meant taking tours and doing research. They had to find a "safe way of mooring airships to this mast." The next obstacle is in paragraph @NUM1. Docking a dirigible to the building would put "stress" on the building's frame. The builders had to "modify and strengthen" the frame. One of the last obstacles they had to face was designing the tower. The builders eventually decided on a rocket shaped mast with four wings at the corners to house the mooring arm. They had to house the machinery to winch the derigible, too. Overall, the builders had to make drastic changes, spend a lot of money, all for something that wasn't even safe in the end.	3
The Empire State Building is known for its great size & distinctive shape in New York City's @CAPS1, but what most people probably do not know is that the tower on top is actually a mooring mast for dirigibles. This is probably a little known fact because it could never actually be used to dock blimps for numerous reasons: safety, nature, & the law.The mast would have revolutionized travel in New York if international dirigibles could stop there after long Transatlantic flights, however, because of the gas used by foreign blimps, safety would have been a huge issue. In paragraph @NUM1, the author states, "most dirigibles from outside the U.S used hydrogen rather than helium, & hydrogen is highly flammable." There was even an accident with the German Hindenburg, & if a blimp caught fire over densely populated @CAPS2 this would be an even greater problem of safety. Nature was also a matter of safety that needed to be considered. At such a great height there are strong, unpredictable winds, & "even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around & around the mooring mast" (paragraph @NUM2). There were no means of anchoring the back of the blimp because heavy weights such as those which would be used in open field landings would pose a serious threat hanging off the back of a blimp from over @NUM3 feet with pedestrians below There was simply no practical way to combat the nature that prevented the possibility of blimp stocking.Finally, it would have been illegal for a dirigible to dock at the mooring mass on the Empire State building. It was against the law for "airships flying too low over urban areas" (¶ @NUM4). The law ended up being the final obstacle that could not be overcome, so the Empire State Building never became a docking post for blimps, but it is still an incredible architectural feat.	4
In the excerpt from "The Mooring Mast" By Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the empire state building faced several obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. One of the obstacles they faced was the fact that there was a lack of suitable landing area. The dirigibles were thought to be able to anchor on the mooring mast for refueling or service, however, another obstacle was in the way; nature. That was the greatest obstacle. The wind at the top of the building were always shifting because of violent air currents. The builders were afraid that the back of the ship would "swivel around and around the mooring mast" With that said, they came to a conclusion that they would be "dangling high above pedestrians on the street [which] was neither practical or safe. In order for it to be safe, they came to another obstacle. The entire building would have to be modified and strengthened with over @NUM1 dollars worth of investment. Lastly, there already stood a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. With all obstacles faced, it was never opened to the public.	3
The  builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. A @NUM1 foot dirigible would add stress to the buildings Frame. Most dirigibles out of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is highly flammable. The acciedent of Hindenburg also raised alarm. Hindenburg set fire on Lakehurst in New Jersey. This showed the builders how much worse the acciedent could have been if it had happened over a densely populated area, such as New York. Another factor were the wind currents. They were constantly @CAPS1. This would cause the back Of the dirigible to sway and move about. There was also a preexisting law stating that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. These are some of the reasons obstacles the builders fased in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	3
When building the Empire State Building, the builders had to overcome many obsticles. One obsticle, for example, was a lack of suitable landing area. The dirigibles were very large, some spanding @NUM1 feet, therefore in a city of buildings, there were not many suitable areas to land. Another obsticle they had overcome was the fact that the city did not allow the dirigibles to be that close to rural areas. Although these reasons are plenty enough, the article mentions that perhaps the greatest obsticle was nature itself. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents" (pg. @NUM2-paragraph @NUM3). All in all, the idea to land dirigibles in this place was too unrealistic.	3
The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles. Allowing dirigibles to dock on the top of a building had never been done before. They had to add over sixty thousand dollars worth of framework before they could even begin building the mast. Then, once the mast was designed, and the building had been framed to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the mast could begin to be framed.	1
During the construction of the dirigible dock at the Empire State Building, architects and builders were faced with many obstacles. Before the mooring mast was installed at the top of the building, it became evident that "the stress of the dirigible's load... would have been transmitted all the way to the building's foundation" (paragraph @NUM1). This meant that changes would need to be made in the framework in order to support the weight. In addition, safety, weather, and legal issues were at hand. Filled with flamable gas, there was always a risk of a dirigible catching fire, and in an urban area the damage would be extremely bad. Winds at the top of the building were also dangerous. Air currents were "violent" and "even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around" (paragraph @NUM2). Normally, the ships would be weighted down, but, again, this was not possible in a city. The last issue builders faced was the law "against airships flying too low over urban areas" (paragraph @NUM3). Although there was a law clearly against it, two dirigibles attempted to dock. Both attempts were failures and it became clear that the Empire State Building would not be able to serve as a dirigible landing.	4
allowing dirigibles was going to be the new way of transportation back in the 1920s. There were many problems with having a mooring dock on top of the empire state building.one of the main problems was it was flamable. The helium and the hydrogen gases that lifted the dirigibles. If there was the smallest spark the entire Dirigible would go up in flames in a second. For an example The hindenburg German zeppelin that exploded in New Jersey on May 6, 1937. So the thought if that had happened in a more densely populated area like downtown New York it would of been much worse.Another problem with the dirigibles was wind. If there was strong air currents the dirigible would swivel around the mooring mast when it was docked. aqlso it is weighed down by the lead by lead weights. If it is over pedestrians It is not safe.	3
Based on excerpt builders of Empire State building faced alot of obsticles. Here are my three points to consider. They need to make plans that were very difficult and hard. The Blimps and @CAPS2 could crash in to the building. It was too high firstly. The builders needed to make long difficult, plans. They needed to make the right skeleton for the mast to fit the rest of the building. They had to make changes to the existing plans to fit the mooring mast. Secondly, The Blimps and @CAPS2 could cause an accident. Blimps fly about @NUM1 miles per hour and they could approach the mast at a speed that is too fast and destroy it. Lastly, The mast was very high. It would be hard for blimps to reach the height of the mast. Irving Clavan said, "... Such a height made it desirable to post poned to a later date for the landing gears." In @CAPS1 builders of the Empire State building faced a lot of obsticles. The plans were difficult the Blimps and @CAPS2 could crash and the mast height was too high.	2
During the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building, builders faced many obstacles. One obstacle builders faced was the building's @CAPS1. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the [Empire State Building] held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's Frame." Another obstacle in the way was nature itself. The reason was that the winds on top of the Empire State Building was always changing because of violent air currents. This was dangerous because "Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast." @CAPS2, there is a law in the United States against airships Flying too low over urban areas." This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the [Empire State Building] or even approach the area. Many more obstacles were faced during the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State @CAPS3, but that didn't stop the workers from doing their job.	3
In The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it describes the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. In paragraph @NUM1 they described the greatest reason was one of the safety because most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable.In paragraph @NUM2 they also describe another obstacle was the nature itself because the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Even dirigles moored in open landing fields could be weighed down in the back with lead weights, this could be dangerous for pedestrians. In paragraph @NUM3 they describe another reason why dirigles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. These are some examples of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in allowing dirigibles docking there.	4
many obstacles were taken while trying to get the Empire State Building to allow dirigibles to dock there. This was a long, hard and thought out process. Workers couldn't just drop a mooring mast on top of the building's roof. A one thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building. It was being held by a single cable tether, which added stress to the buildings frame. The architects also had to build a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building. Later on they realized dirigibles could not moor a the Empire State building. One reason being a law against airships flying to low over urban areas. Architects went through many obstacles in building masts. 	2
The Empire State Building started out as a huge sky-skraper. Then Al Smith had to get all competitive and put his crew to full work. The crew had many obsticles to fufil. First off, they had to modify and strengthen the building's steel frame, costing over sixty thousand dollars. Second the men made a shiny glass and chrome-nickle stainless steel tower, illuminated inside. next they had to add four wings or shiny aluminum to rise a conical roof for housing the mooring arm.  Fourth the crew has to add stairs and elevators to accomidate the "blimps" passengers.  And lastly they would add a couple of observation rooms to the @NUM1 and 102 floors.  Smith's men worked hard and over came many obsticles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock the Empire State Building	2
In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building @CAPS1 had to face many obsticals. Alot of obsticals were straightforward and not ecnoliged By the @CAPS1 for example ON page three @CAPS2 @NUM1 and @NUM2 and it says that is was "unsafe Because the dirigibles were filled with Hydrogen" wich is Highly flammable. there were @CAPS3 in the @CAPS4 Because of them Being flammable the german Dirigible Hindenburg was Destroyed By fire. there was also violent air currents and a law against air ships flying too low over urban areas	2
Marcia @CAPS1's article "The Mooring Mast" explains the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. Nobody involved realized the building wouldn't be sturdy enough to allow a thousand-foot dirigible to be docked there. This pressure, and the wind pressure, would be "transmitted to the building's foundation." The Steel frame would also need to be reinforced, costing over sixty thousand dollars. Several other problems arose due to pedestrian safety issues: most foreign dirigibles used highly-flammable hydrogen fuel instead of helium. Everyone involved in the project realized that should the hydrogen cause a fire, the many people living in downtown New York could lose there lives @CAPS2 the dirigible would be dangling 1,250 feet over crowded @CAPS3, endangering countless pedestrians. @CAPS2 there was a law banning airships from flying too low over urban areas, making it "illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area." Although the Empire State Building never got to fulfill it's purpose, it is an international landmark in the heart of New York.	3
The builders of the Empire State faced alot of obstacles well trying to build it. Some of these obstacles was that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single table would add stress to the base of the fame. Also the wind on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. This would make the back of the ship swivel around. There was alway the thought about how dangerous using hydrogen and helium that were extremely flammable. Those are some of the obstacles the builder face well trying to make Empire State taller.	2
In the passage, The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are out lined. These obstacles were safety, nature, and law, Safety was an obstacle because the passengers on the dirigibles would be put in danger. This is evident in the line, "...dirigibles from outside of the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." The dirigibles could have blown up, as many have in the past. Nature was an obstacle because the dirigibles could have a hard time attaching to the mast if the weather is un desirable. This is supported in the quotation, "...winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." The wind could cause the dirigibles to move around uncontrollably, which wouldn't be very safe for anyone. There was a law against airships in urban areas that was an obstacle. This law is explained in the quotation, "this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area." This law made it unnecessary to have the mooring mast, as it could not be legally used. The obstacles outlined in the passage The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, allowed the architects to avoid wasting funds on something that wouldn't be profitable.	4
they haD to worry aBoat the. Saftey for the pepole, to keep it still as they DockeD. How they woaD @CAPS1 it anD the posible out comes if something DiD @CAPS2 wrong.	1
First, there was no way to anchor any dirigibles. They couldn't make the back stable, only if they added lead weights; that wasn't a good idea above a crowded street. Second, there were laws in place stating that a dirigible couldn't fly that close to buildings. Also, when the German blimp Hindenburg was destroyed by fire near a New Jersey naval base, people thought "... how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." @CAPS1, the wind that high up was too fierce and strong for a blimp to even get close to the building. All in all it was a bad idea.	3
In the story "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builder's of the Empire State Building had many obstacles in the attempt of allowing dirigibles to dock. The huge balloon caused tension and stress due to its ginormous size. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of abuilding, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame". The stress of the dirigible, can cause crucial damage on the buildings frame. Also, it was not only the size the contents of some of the planes caused a crisis aswell. "Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". The worrys of the balloon catching on fire was too much to risk. Along with all, is the power of nature itself. "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself." The winds on top of the building were very violent compared to the ones in the ground causing a scare. It looked all good until everything was looked at carefully, obstacles came from all different ways.	4
The builders of the empire state building faced @NUM1 major obstacles. One major problem was that they used hydrogen which is highly flammable and they were in a highly populated area. Another problem had to do with laws, because aircrafts aren't allowed to fly to low over urban areas. Also the strong winds at that height made it impposible to land. Many problems are faced in the building of the empire state building.	2
the builders of the Empire State Building faced various obstacles and challenges in allowing dirigibles to dock there, including how to attach the mast and how to move people between the dirigible and the building. In order to attach the mast where the dirigibles would land, the builders could not simply fasten it with the cable teather to the top of the building. This would "add stress to the building's frame" with the combined pressure of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure. Therefore, the builders had to get the pressure down into the ground by strengthening and altering the building's steel frame.Another obstacle the builder's faced was the challenge of transporting people and luggage from the building to a dirigible floating in the air. The dirigibles would only be tethered by their front ends, but gondola, where the passengers rode, was located underneath the dirigible. this meant the construction of "a gangplank to an open observation platform" from which the people and luggage had to be moved @NUM1 floor by a special elevator. Although the builders of the Empire State Building faced various obstacles in building the mast, the one they really should have considered was the dager and impracticalness of docking dirigibles @NUM2 stories over New York City.	2
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, it describes many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building had to face in order to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they had to face was the constant change in nature and how it could affect the dirigibles. The dirigibles would "swivel around" because of the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." This could put pedestrians on the street in danger because the ship is on top moving and could be unstable. Another obstacle is safety. Outside the United States the dirigibles "used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." Other countries ships could set on fire in the United States and put people in danger. Also the fact that the loading dock was more than 1,250 feet and loading off could be unstable because of the winds. The last obstacle faced was the "existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas". Therefore it was illegal to get the dirigibles close enough to the buildings safely. All these obstacles faced made the workers and planners realize this idea could not be achieved without harming anyone or putting people in danger.	3
There are afew obstacles the builders had. to face in this project. One of them was was building the Empire State Building taller than the Chrysler building. The architect building of the Chrysler building made it 46 ft taller. When this was done the builder needed to make the Empire State building taller, but make it something "as mundane as a water tank" (@NUM1 ¶ Al Smith) Another example was trying to make it a stop for dirigibles. These things could go up two @NUM2 miles per hour. They were as long a 1 thousand ft. That would take up @NUM3 blocks New York City. They didn't have good landing area. A third obstacle they faced was nature. The wind was always blowing. No matter what they need hangin dirigibles over a city of innocent people was very dangerous.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They consulted with experts, taking tours equipment and mooring operations in New Jersey.The architects couldn't just drop the mooring mast on top of the building, if it did it would add stress to the building's frame. The Stress of the load and would have been transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. The steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened.The greatest obstacle  was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly Shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would around and around the mooring mast. You could weigh it down but that would be dangling high above pedestrians on the Street, which was neither practical or safe.There was also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. And When they tried delivering newspapers they noticed it wasn't going to work	3
The Empire state building was destined to reach new limits that had never been met or even thought of in the world of architecture as described in "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION1 was determined efforts in building a mast not only set the Empire State building at the tallest building, at @NUM1 ft., though to also serve a useful purpose, was a radical dream supported with intuitive design and high goals. Unfortunately the reality in successfully completing this far reached destination was slim as problems gradually arose. The largest obstacle was "... one of safety: most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is flammable." This along with the fact that violent air currents at such great heights required that lead weights weighted dirigible down to prevent from extreme movement, served as serious caution the safety of the highly populated New York City surrounding the Empire State building. As practicality in the hopeful moore mast diminished it became... "desirable to post to a later date the final installation of the landing gear." The use of the moore mast "quietly disappeared", concluding the radical dreams.	2
The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted describes the building of the mast of the Empire State Building. The mast was originally added to add height to the thousand foot building. However Al Smith, one of the builders, wanted the mast to "serve the higher calling" of providing a docking station for dirigibles. This idea proved to be very challenging. First, the builders had to change the structure of the tower to make it strong enough to support the weight of the dirigible swaying in the wind. Lüsted writes, "The stress of the dirigible's load... Would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation..." When the mast was finally built, the builders faced the problem of having the dirigibles "dangling high above pedestrians on the street." If one ever fell, hundreds of people will be killed. Finally, there was a law that prevented "airships flying too low over urban areas." By docking at the Empire State Building, the dirigibles would be breaking that law. Although it was a good idea, "The Mooring Mast" shows that it would not be possible for dirigibles to dock atop the Empire State Building.	3
According to the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, engeneers fused several obstacle when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock in the @CAPS1 state Building. As stated in paragraph number nine, there @CAPS2 problem was "the stress of the dirigiblel's load." With all this weight being transmited to the buildings foundation, the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate its new situation This was verry expensive todo. Sixty thousand dollars wer nesciary.Another problem was that the blimps would not stay still while docked The winds would toss it around. A solution was putting waights at the back of the landing fields, but the weights "would be dangling high above pedestrans on the street" like explaine in paragraph @NUM1. 	3
the mooring mast of the empire state Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have apparent before it was ever constructed the greatest reason was one of safety must dirigibles From outside of the united states used hydrogen. hydrogen rather Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken Place above densely populated area such as downtown New York	2
When building the Empire State Building, the architects and engineers faced many problems. The first problem was reconstructing the buildings framework. This had to be done in order for the building to be able to undergo great amounts of wind pressure and stress from the dirigible. The next problem the workers encountered was the wind currents. The wind was so strong at the tip of the building, if a dirigible were to be docked to the mooring mast, it would be rotating around it depending on the wind currents. The final problem the architects faced was a law against a dirigible's height. There was an already existing law that stated airships could not fly too low over urban areas. These obstacles were but some of the many faced by the building team of the Empire State Building.	3
In the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on it. When building the Empire State Building the architects had to take the height.. of the building and mooring mast into account. They simply could not drop a large glass and chrome mooring mast on top of the buildings flat roof. Also the wind currents over one thousand feet high our rapidly changing. An extremely large dirigible board at the top of the building would "add stress to the buildings frame". (@NUM1) The architects would have to modify and strengthen its steel frame for the safety of the building. These changes would cost over sixty thousand dollars. But alas, the mooring mast of the empire state building never fufilled its destiny due to these obstacles.	3
A dirigible is not like a plane or a hot air balloon, it is filled with flamable gases, and to try to dock something that big on top of the worlds tallest building would be extremely dangerous too the urban town below and extremely dangerous for the workers.	1
The plan to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building encountered problems from its introduction until its conclusion. The first problem was the original design of the building. The original design did not include a dirigible docking station. When plans for the station were introduced, the building was not strong enough to carry the heavy load of a spire and a dirigible. To adjust, an additional @MONEY1 were spent in order to ensure the building would be structurally sound during a dirigible docking. The next problem became imminent after the Hindenburg's fire: any hydrogen-filled dirigible that caught fire at the Empire State Building which cause significant damage. Moreover, because many dirigibles used hydrogen, the safety risk was significant. Wind proved to be another obstacle. The force of a dirigible being blown around by heavy winds could prove to be too much for the structure of the building. Moreover, because any dirigible docking at the building would be one thousand feet off the ground, there was no way to anchor the dirigibles. The fact that many tall spires lined the @LOCATION1 skyline presented an imminent danger to any dirigible trying to dock. Finally, one of the most significant problems of building a dirigible docking station was the fact that law prohibited low flying aircraft in urban areas.	4
Based on the expert, the builders had many obstacles that the builders had to face, from attemting to allow the dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One obstacle the builders had to face was the steel frame of the Empire State Building had to be modified and strengthened to accommidate the situation. The builders also had a problem with the wind because "... the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, wich would puncture the dirigibles shell.	2
In the 1930's the world was evolveing and new technology's were comeing of age. One of these tecnology's was the Dirigible and some people thougt to expand it's use. One of these idea's was the moring mast on the Empire State building. This was a great idea but the things that stood in it's way made it impossible. A major problem was the safty, consdiring it was 1,250 feet up. "Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If this thing caught on fire, everyone inside would burn to death or crass into the ground and kill everyone under it. Another huge problem was the winds and ease of pushing it off corse. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. These winds made it simply impossible for this to happen. One problem that should have bee looked at from the beging was law. "The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building was an existing law against airship's flying too low over urban areas." @CAPS1 this moring Mast was a fantastic idea, there were to many things standing in it's way.	3
It was unrealistic and also unsafe of engineers to think that they could have dirigibles dock on the building. One major problem with the idea that the dirigible would add stress to the building's frame. Also the weight of the dirigible and the wind pressure would cause a problem for the foundation. Another thing, dirigibles were made up of hydrogen which is highly flammable, and if one of the exploded it would have been a disaster for downtown New York. This is why the idea is neither practical or safe.	2
In the short story "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION2, The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example they needed a suitable landing area which they could not do very easily. They needed to put a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, but the architects could not do that with no problem. It took a lot of work. The @CAPS1 says "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof." @CAPS2 they had an idea to add to make it work, would add stress to the building and take it down. The wind pressure had a great deal on that also. The winds were making it hard to keep the Dirigibles stable. They wanted to add weights to hold it down but that wouldn't be good for the people below. The @CAPS1 says "Could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe. They faced way to many problems.	3
The following are obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced. They were worried about the hydrogen and the helium being highly flammable and considering the disaster The Lakehurst Fire in New Jersey. They were also worried about the back weight of the ship. And they feared wind would be blowing it into the spires of the building which would puncture the blimp shell.	2
. The Empire State Building during it's construction was being planned to serve as a mast, in which dirigibles could be attached to. The builders of the building did not realize the severity of the obstacles preventing them from safely accomplishing this feat. Most of the problems presented for the most part were concerning safety. Due to safety issues the mast was considered to lucrative and idea, and posed too much of a danger. There were simply too many possible opportunities for something to go wrong. One of these issues was that dirigibles contain dangerous flamable gases, that if something went wrong a flamming dirible coming down on down town New York City would cause major damage. Another obstacle preventing this idea from becoming reality was that the dirible tethered to the mast would be "constantly shifting due to the violent air currents (para @NUM1). Another reason why it couldn't be done "was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas" (para @NUM2). All of the problems that could not be solved plausibly were the reason why, the mast was unrealistic.	3
In this excerpt the Architect/Workers had to face several obstacles while trying to construct a docking area on the Empire State Building for dirigibles. They had to find away for this huge mast not to kill the building frame The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible moored the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame." They had to find away to make the load less bearing on the building. "The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below." To fix this Architects and Workers must modifie the steel frame because of the new situation. After this was built and done they had to face the facts that this was imposible to do or not allowed. "Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." The Architects and worker went through so many obsticales to then find out its dangerous and the law not to fly so close to urban area's.	3
In the excerpt, "The Mooring Mast," by @ORGANIZATION2, certain obstacles such as foundation support, nature, and safety challenged the building of the docking station for dirigibles. The first problem the architects faced was the docked dirigibles placing too much stress on the building. To combat this problem, drastic changes to the building would have to be made. "The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation." (@CAPS1 @NUM1, @CAPS2 @NUM2) This change was stated to cost over sixty thousand dollars. Another obstacle the builders faced upon constructing the mooring mast, was nature. At this height, the wind currents are violent and unpredictable. Despite being tethered to the building, the dirigibles would spin and twist around the mass, an unsecure and dangerous aspect. Lastly, as the except claims the greatest reason for not being successful, the safety violations of the mast were too great. "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen... and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire... the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident would have been...above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." (@CAPS1 @NUM3, @CAPS2 @NUM4) The moor provided severe risk to the safety of the people of New York. This problem served as a serious problem, thus serving as an obstacle for the builders of the mooring mass. The building's foundations, nature, and safety violations all served as problems for the builders creating the mooring mass.	4
First of all the Empire State Building wasn't made for landing dirigibles on top of it. The architects had to redesign the whole top of the building. When they did that they never bothered to put proper landing gear down for the dirigibles. It was a bad day out, weatherwise, then it would be very difficult to land a dirigible without the proper landing gear. The dirigible is over @NUM1 feet long, without a very large landing service, it would be dangerous for the people in the dirigible, the people on the ground, and the people helping land the dirigible.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in the attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there, "The architect could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof". A thousand-foot diriglble tethed by a single caple would add to much stress to the building's frame. "The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. If not the Empire State Building might fall over. For the Empire State Building to take the extra load the architect would have to modify and strengthen the building's existing framework. Also the ornate mast would be difficult to raise on top of the Empire State build due to the high winds. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents". If the dirigible was tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the dirigible would swivel around and around the mooring mast. If this happened the dirigible would crash into the Empire State Building or other building. This would be bad for the people on the street. Where dirigible's usually land are in open fields. The dirigible could be weighted down in the back with a lead weight. But on top of the Empire State Building dangling weights above pedestrians was neither practical nor safe. Also laws were passed restricting a dirigible from getting to close to a building.	3
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are: @CAPS1 they choose dirigible instead of balloon, because the fabric used in dirigibles is lighter. Second, their extended use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area and think about the safety of passengers get in or get off	1
The obstacles the builders faced in building the Empire State Building were nature. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." "Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe." The size was a problem along with how high they were in the sky. "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame." @CAPS1 were the obstacles.	3
The empire state building's construction workers attempted to build a dirigible dock on top of the world's tallest building but many problems occured during the process. In order to have a dirigible dock on the top of the building the building would have to withstand its weight. "The steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this situation. over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework." (@CAPS2 @NUM1)" The 102 story floor building was predicted to be a success and predicted to become the new age of aviation travel. Another obsitcle that the workers faced was realizing that dirigibles outside the @CAPS1 were highly flammable because they contain hydrogen. It would be disastrous if one caught on fire on the top of the building in New York City. "The greatest obsticale to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature its self." (@CAPS2 @NUM2)." There are very strong and violent winds at the top of the building, the blimp could become a hazard if it was blown out of control A blimp hovering over hundreds of pedestrians in the city of New York is a definite hazard. There is also a law forbidding aircraft flying to low over populated areas. Having a mooring dock was a good idea but it was never really practicol or safe, many bad things could of happened if it was actually working.	4
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" there were some obsticales that the builders faced. Some of the obsticales that were faced had to do with the strength of the frame. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast to top the the buildings flat roof because it would stress the frame to much. So over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had been made to the buildings frame work. Anothe obsticae the mooring mast was never destined to fulfill its purpose.	1
The obstacles that the builders of the empire State building @CAPS1 in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there work, there wasn't enough room, they weren't supposed to have aircraft near the city.	1
The builders of the Empire State Building faced some obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they faced was having to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the building. They had to do this because the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. Another obstacle they had to face they had to add to more floors to the building to make a grand total of 102 floor. The 101st floor was a glassed-in observation area and an open observation platform on the 102nd floor.	2
Basically this excerpt is talking about the "The Mooring Mast". It is all about the construction. One of the obstacle the builders of the Empire State Building faced to is the safety. "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." This quote reveals that the dirigibles they made is highly flammable and it's dangerous for people's lifes.  Pretend that the dirigible is on fire while it's flying up high to sky, it causes lifes.     The other obstacle the builders faced to is that it against the law. "The other reason practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." Even though the building is the tallest building in New York. But it is still too low for the laws. Airship can not fly that low over the urban area, it causes accidents.         The Empire State Building is over 1,250 feet, which means on the top of the build has strong and forceful winds and the like dirigibles couldn't stop and get close to the top of the building. "In December 1930, the U.S Navy dirigible @CAPS1 Angeles approached the mooring mast could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful wind."	4
Throughout the excerpt, obstacles the builders faced were difficult. Many fell under being able to let dirigibles dock there. Some difficulties the faced were that outside from the states, more dirigibles were being made, but with "hydrogen rather than helium". they stated, "hydrogen is highly flamable". There was fear for the people, since New York was so densely populated. There were also whether problems. Winds were constantly shifting. "Ship would swival around and around". Realizing the danger, all they could do was shut it down.	2
Al Smith's plan to add two hundred and fifty feet of height onto the Empire State Building by attaching a resting stop for traveling blimps was plaussible in theory, but as it was put in motion the workers had to face multiple obstacles that ultimately made the attempt unsuccessful. The easiest and the only fixable obstacle was the issue of the added stress the blimp put on the building's frame. The whole building had to be strengthed to adjust to the pressure, but the workers eventually got the construction done. However, the biggest thing that hindered the mooring mast from being successful was nature itself. The winds that high in the air were constantly shifting violently, so even if the dirigible had been attached to the mast, the back of it would swivel around uncontrollably. Unfortunately because they would have landed high in the air, using lead weights the control the back of the aircraft was impractical. The prevention of natures problems is not possible, and similarly nothing could have been done to fix the issue of unsafety. Most blimps outside of the @LOCATION2 used a more flammable gas inside of them, and landing a dirigible that could catch on fire high above New York City was an extremely dangerous idea. There was nothing the workers could have done to solve other countrie's blimp composition. Finally, if nothing else, there were solid laws that made it illegal to ever have anything tied up so low over and urban area. Obviously, this obstacle couldn't have been overcome without waiting years and a lot of legal business. Placing the mooring mast on the Empire State Building with hope to land dirigibles seemed good, but during the actual process many obstacles were presented, most of which had no solution. In the end, the hope to "equipp [the building] for an age of transportation," had to be given up.	4
The biggest obsticle was safely. The foriegn dirigibles use Hydrogen (@NUM1) gas as a means to fly but hydrogen gas is highly flamable. The owners of the Empire State Building were consernd because of what happened to the German dirigible, Hindenburg, over Lakehurst, @LOCATION2. The Hindenburg bursted into flames and in less than one minute there was no dirigible, just some charred scrap metal. If this incident were to happen in a highly populated area like downtown New York City it would create a high number of casualties and fatalities.	1
There are many obstacles with the docking of the dirigibes, for example in the text it talked about if the accident had taken place over @CAPS1 it would of been alot worse because New York is A populated city another obstacle was the height as mention in the text and any thing could happen at that height so those are some obsticles in the way of the docking of the dirigibes.	1
The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to dock tere. Many foriegn dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium to keep it a float. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and has proven to be. on @DATE1 a German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire caused from hydrogen, in New jersey. When the owners of the Empire State building the severity of this happening they were turned off.Nature if anything was the biggest obstacle of them all. Considering the building was so tall, "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent wind currents". The law if anything was pretty important to get approved, and tere was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. So it would make it illegal for the dirigible ships to ever tie up to the building or to even approach the area.	3
In the excerpt the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles. The builders did not think of what would happen to the dirigibles if something went wrong. Also on how tall they are makeing the empire state building.The first obstacle the builder faced in building the empire state building was what if something happened to the dirigibles. For example what if the dirigibles are highly flamible like the Hindenburg. The second obsticle the builders faced was on how tall they made it because of how tall it was the wind current was very strong.In the excerpt the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles. They tried to over come them but there were to many.	2
In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders of the empire state building had to deal with many obsticles while trying to allow dirigibles to dock there. The author tells us the readers that dirigibles were actually enormous steelframed balloons. with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter than air. While the builders were trying to droop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building's flat roof. In the excerpt tells us the reader that "a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. All though the dirigible is as light as the air it could mess up the frame of the building. Another obsticle the buildors had to face was when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in @LOCATION1, New jersey on May 6, 1937. The owner of the empire state building realized how much worse it would have been the accident happened in New York such as a populated are as downtown. "Most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable". Even though the empire state building didn't get to put moors on top of the building it still became the world's tallest building.	3
In the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building faced some obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there.Although this sounded like a great idea and seemed possible at first, it was not. The idea of the mooring mast of the @CAPS1 State Building was neither practical nor safe. In paragraph fourteen, Marcia states why this dirigible idea wasn't so safe. "The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. In the last sentence of paragraph fourteen, the author states another reason the idea wasnt safe nor practical. "they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street,"	1
There was many obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow the dirigibles to dock. One was the weight. The architects could not just place the mooring mast or it would rush the building. So they had to add over sixty thousands of dollars into the framework. Another problem was safty issues. Other countries used Hydrogen as their dirigibles gass. Hydrogen is highly flameable so that catching on fire above New York was dangerous. Another problem was the violent weather at the top of the building. The dirigibles would sway in the back due to harsh weather so geting pasengers on and off board would be extremly dangerous to them. Also there is a law in New York prohibiting low flying vehecales so the dirigibles could not had dock their in the first place.	3
When the builders of the @ORGANIZATION2 took on the difficult task of building a mooring mast at the top of the structure for dirigibles to dock at, they faced various obstacles that made it difficult for them to carry out their plan. One of the first obstacles they were faced with was the fact that they couldn't just slap a long mooring mast on the building's flat roof. The huge dirigible that would be held by one cable tether would add an immense amount of stress to the building's frame and fandation. The builders responded by constructing an even stronger frame for the building. The main problem the builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the structure were the safety issues. Dirigibles (aside from the @LOCATION1) mostly used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is extremely flammable and increases the risk of fire. Since the blimps would be above thousands of pedestrians of the city, the risk of a blimp catching fire was much too high. On top of that, the winds at the top of the Empire State Building were always Shifting due to the violent air currents, causing the blimp to swivel around the mooring mast. Although Al Smith had a great vision for docking blimps at the top of his building, the reality was that it was unrealistic, and the bulders were faced with too many obstacles for it to work.	3
The Empire state building faced different stage. They @CAPS1 to make it to be fixed a little bit. Because it was the tallest building at the time and they so @CAPS1 it a more famous.	0
From the excerpt "The Mooring Mast" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 she describies the obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Three of the main obsticles they faced where there was a lack of suitble landing area, they would have to reconstruct the building's framework, and there was a law against it. The Dirigibles are enormous steel framed balloons, that have envelopes of cotton fabric. They are also filled with hydrogen and Helium to make them lighter and float eayser. As a result of the Dirigibles being so large, some over one thousand feet, there was really no place for them to land. "The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state Buildings flat roof, it would add to much stress to the buildings frame" (paragraph @NUM1). Another obsticle being faced was they would have to spend over sixty thousand dollars to the building's framework just so the building could support the Dirigible. The third obsticle faced was there was a law agianst it. It claimed that there would be no airships flying too low over urban areas. So even if they did build a landing area, and spend the sixty thousand dollars on the building's framework they wouldnt be able to use them because of the law. Even though the idea of having a dirigible dock on the Empire State building the obsticles too face were to great for the builders with the lack of a sutible landing area, the reconstructing of the framework, and the law agianst aircrafts flying to low.	4
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The author stated, "The greatest reason was one of safety." Dirigibles used hydrogen more often than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If a dirigible were to catch fire or crash, it would be very dangerous over a populated area.Another obstacle was nature. The author wrote, "the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents." The wind would be too much for a dirigible to handle.A final reason stating why they couldnt dock was because it was against the law. The story stated, "... was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas." This law made it illegal to dock.The dirigibles faced many obstacles that didnt allow them to dock at the Empire State Building.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. When it says in the passage, "could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof," this means that the architects would have to modify and strengthen the building for a "thousand-foot dirigible" to land there. Over @MONEY1 of changes had to be made for this. Safety was another problem. Dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen instead of helium. Because hydrogen is highly flammable, downtown New York could have been destroyed by a large fire if a dirigible caught fire there. Nature itself was also a problem. "Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting." This would cause the dirigible to swivel around, which would be dangerous. The architects came in contact with many problems.	3
The future of transportation is a matter that any architect has discussed at one point. Whether reality is taken into account, that is another subject. Al Smith had the challenge of make the dream of docking dirigibles, into a reality. Although Smith had high hopes for the project, many obstacles stood in the way of the construction of the dock. One problem is stated in paragraph fourteen, "the greatest obstacle to a sucsesful use of the mooring mast was nature itself." Wind power was not taken into account at the time, and neither was the fact that thousands of people in downtown New York are put in danger. In conclusion, dirigibles soon became much more useless with the spark of the airplane and soon died along with the dreams of the mooring mast.Another problem that stood in the way was a law stating, that airships cannot fly to close to urban areas. This destroyed any plans of the mast because not only was it risky to build, but it was also illegal. What was once a glimphs of the future soon turned into nothing as @PERSON1 finally confronted the public in saying that the construction will be post-poned. The future of transportation took a sharp blow, but with the new succession of the airplane, anything seemed possible.	3
The builders faced a few problem on letting it dock there. One problem was that "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable" said on page @NUM1. The were all so lead weights to lower the dirigibles down but this could also set risk for people said on page @NUM1.	2
There were many obstacles which the builders of the mooring mast had to face. They thought it was going to be an easy task to accomplish as shown in paragraph eight where Al Smith was asked about the mooring mast and he responded "[It's] on the level, all right. No kidding. We're working on the thing now." This shows how truly sure Smith was about the goal's simplicity.Although determination was a great factor in the building of this world wide known monument, problems kept standing in the way of success. For example in paragraph @NUM1 the author describes how the Empire State building would not be able to fulfill it's purpose, even though workers should've known better. She states "When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York." @CAPS1 kept pooring down, one of them being nature.Finally the workers gave up after the project was postpone due to mainly safety reasons. By the late 1930's, the idea of the mooring mast had almost disappeared. All that really matters is that they tried, and all it took was just one dream.	2
The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles as an attempt to allow dirigible to dock there.  In paragraph @NUM1 it shows an obstacle the builders spaced.  "The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."  This is because the wind.  The wind would shift due to violent air currents.	1
In the excerpt 'The Mooring Mast' by @ORGANIZATION2, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock here. One example of this is "The Obstacle to their expanded use into New York City was lack of a suitable landing area". This shows that the mooring mast is going to be a problem because its lacked of a suitable landing area, meaning it's to difficult for landing, it's not ment for docking. Another example is 'A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the building frame.' This shows that the building is not stable enough for landing for a final example "The greatest obstacles to the successful use of a mooring mast was nature itself.' This shows that the weather can change, and it will affect its landing. These examples show how in the excerpt 'The Mooring Mast' by @ORGANIZATION2, the obstacles that the builders faced.	2
There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was how much stress would be put on the buildings frame. Lüsted says, "A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly eleven feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. If the Empire state building was going to make this happen they would have to change the frame of it. This was a top obstacle to overcome. Also an obstacle they would have to face was peoples safety. "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If they were to make this happen there would always be the risk of someone catching on fire. Making the Empire State building a dock would have many obstacles to overcome if they wanted to make this happen.	3
The builders of the Empire State Building were @CAPS1 with immediate problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The media hardship that they @CAPS1 was placing a mooring mast on top of an already completed building. "A thousand foot dirigible... would add stress to the building's frame." (¶ @NUM1) Not to mention that a large dirigible would also have placed stress on the building. Completing such a project would be extremely difficult because the building was not designed for docking dirigibles. This means the roof and the top floors would need to be converted to accommodate passengers and travel operations. Nature was also an obstacle that builders @CAPS1. High winds could cause the dirigible to violently sway. Weights used to tether the dirigibles could also be a safety hazard in a densley populated area such as @LOCATION1. Fire was another safety concern for the builders. The gases used to keep the dirigibles airborne were highly flammable and would again cause serious concern for safety in a city of millions. Ultimately all of these factors caused the creation of a mooring mast on the Empire State Building to fail.	4
the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building was that they develop they hope to get greater and espectaculer.	0
In attempting to build a working mooring dock for dirigibles on the Empire State Building the works set themselves a hard task. First they had to make sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications so that the building would withstand the weight and added wind pressure of a moored dirigible. Also, a prexisting law made it immpossible for dirigibles to come as low to the city as they needed to be to dock. Finally constant changes in wind current and other weather made a safe docking at the Empire State Building nearly impossible because the dirigible might get blown into the sharp roofs of nearby buidings and instead of being weighted down by lead like they would when they landed in fields as they normally would, they would be tied up, dangling over pedestrians.	3