"ô@CAPS1! Look out!ö @CAPS2 squealed. The sound of crunching metal was deaffening. There was no way out. My eyes seemed sealed shut, but they were as wide as could be. T he eery silence frightened me. I felt arms grab me, pulling me to @CAPS9 they concidered safety. In no way, was this to be concidered safety, for this was the beginning of one living-nightmare. The living nightmare of my life. HereÆs a picture of @CAPS9 I saw: @CAPS3 cars, twisted, tangled and smushed so close together, they seemed as if they were one object. Lying beside me was a small boy. That boy was my brother, @ORGANIZATION1. His chest expands slowly, but as it does, excruciating sounds radiate from him. Blood triddes out from his many cuts. ItÆs unbearable to watch. AmbulencesÆ sirens wail as they approach. My father I have yet to see. And thatÆs @CAPS9 scares me most. II still have nightmares of that night. The night everything changed. Not only had I lost my father and brother, but in someways, IÆd lost my mother as @CAPS6. @CAPS5Æd never understand the pain of watching your little brother die, all because of something you desired. If I hadnÆt made my father turn around to get my forgotten notebook, IÆd still have a @CAPS1 and little @ORGANIZATION1. Ever since the funeral, I could feel my mother and I pulling apart. Nothing with us has been the same since. We fight constently, never listening to @CAPS9 the other has to say. Maybe itÆs just the life of a typical teen and her @CAPS8. I wouldnÆt know because in no way we we typical. When we arenÆt fighting about who- knows- @CAPS9, we just keep our distance. Sometimes, though, the silence is scarier, more heart pounding, than the shouting. Silence is just so freaking loud! My mother is beginning to attempt the seemingly impossible. @CAPS5 begins to try and understand my strange ways. ô@CAPS4ö, @CAPS5 starts, ôI know I havenÆt been patient with you lately, and for that IÆm sorry. I will try to be, starting now. I only ask you of one thing.ö I give her a questioning, gaze, so @CAPS5 continues, ôI would like you to tell me why you blame yourself?ö @CAPS5 didnÆt have to explain any farther. ô@CAPS6, I made @CAPS1 turn around,ö my voice caught in my throat, ôjust to get my stupid notebook.ö A single tear weaved its way down my face. ô@CAPS7, hunny!ö my mother teared up as @CAPS6. ôThat doesnÆt make it your fault! You had no idea it would end that way!ö I knew my patience had been worn through for a long time, but I refused to snap at my mother now. @CAPS5 was only trying to help. I fought my annoyed tone, which was battling its way out. But I was to win that fight. ô@CAPS8,ö I said, regaining composure, ôthatÆs how I feel about the issue. I wish I could just take your word for it, and maybe overtime I will, but right now, I just need my @CAPS8.ö @CAPS9 shocked me most was the smile that formed on my motherÆs lips. ôI will wait then.ö And then @CAPS5 hugged me. @CAPS5 hugged me as @CAPS5 had when I was four and broke my leg. Tight and unhesitantly. I could feel the beginning of a new found relationship with my mother. Maybe not as strong as it had been, but definately there. With patience and time, it has bloomed into a healthy relationship, in which we both can enjoy and respect."