"Have you ever had to be patient? I had to be patient when my older brother broke his finger. This happened at his friends house on a trapoline one hot @DATE1 day. When my brother broke his finger it seemed like  he was @PERSON1. My mom wanted to see his hand and his knuckles and all that stuff that moms always  do. It seemed like it took so long to ask my mom a question if she was in the same room as my brother. My mom called the doctor's office during the third day of the accident and got an apointment  for my brother. I thought okay what ever I'll stay at home while he goes to the doctor but  there was one person in the way of that and her is mom. She said that I had to go to the doctor with her and my brother even though I didn't want to. After that day I kept selling my mom excuses why I couldn't go but she wasn't buying them. So after a very short car ride that seemed to be a long car ride of torture, we were in the waiting room waiting. In that waiting room we were waiting, waiting, waiting and guess what else if you said waiting then you are right. In the waiting second got confused with minutes and minute got confused with hours. Those ''hours'' of torture made the car ride look like a kitty ride. There was no entertainment of anything that could distract those cruel minutes from going so slow. If have ever soon a snail go imagine that six times slower and you'll start to understand how slow the time went by. Finally after all of the time we've been waiting the doctor comes in the room and asks for my brother. The only problem with the doctor is that she is even more boring. The doctor sat and talked forever using word so long it make the @CAPS1 look small. I was so tired that I stoped caring. Finally I was time to go hot no one was happy except for me. I was so happy to leave the doctor. Let's review. I had to be patient when my brother broke his finger. My brother turned into @PERSON1 and had to go to doctor. The doctor's office was exstremely boring. I was patient and finally I got to leave the doctors office. Some times being patient has rewards.  My reward was being able to leave the doctor's office."