"During the @DATE1, my mom broke her wrist while we were riding our bikes down a trail. At the end of the trail mom turned a corner too fast and flipped over her handle bars. I didn∆t know her had broken her wrist until she stood up and told me. When she told me I froze, no one has ever had a broken bone in my family before so I didn∆t know what to do. Mom calmly told me we had to walk our bikes to the car, since we got to the trail by car. As we walked our bikes toward the car mom didn∆t say anything like how much pain she was in or anything. When we got to the car I had to put the bikes in the backseat. Now to those who don∆t know, bikes are a bit heavy and putting them in a backseat of a car is a bit hard. Also when your mom has a broken bone and is in alot of pain, and the bikes won∆t go in the backseat the situation can get rather stressful. My mom saw that I was getting upset and told me to calm down and directed me on how to put the bikes in. After that mom told me to get her glasses that we accidentally left on the trail. I ran as fast as I could to get her glasses, but they were broken by the fall. So I ran all the way back to the car and since we had the same eyesight I gave her my glasses. My mom needed glasses because since I∆m not to yet she had to drive herself to the emergency room, and she did so without complaint. When we got to the emergency room we had to wait a while before anyone would see us. I was freaking out, but mom was actually telling jokes on how she got hurt doing something healthy like exercise. I admire my mom for her patience and calmness in a situation like that. She didn∆t once complain or whine about the pain she was in. she didn∆t yell at me when I was taking a while putting the bikes in the car. While I was pretty much about to hyper ventalate right there and then. She was calmly telling me it was okay and helping me move along. It was as if I was the one who got hurt and she was being the mother as always and taking me to the emergency room. I know for a fact that I wouldn∆t have handled the situation that well if I broke my wrist. I know that I would∆ve been crying and wanting someone to just hurry up and help me. I∆m amazed at my mom∆s understanding and tolerance. I hope I can achieve that too."