"Do you ever fell like your @CAPS1 is going to expload? Do you ever want to say something but don't because what you said will make things worse than they are? Well that's how l felt in this story! Little brothers and sisters make me so mad, that l want to expload. The story starts at @TIME1pm my brother @LOCATION2 just got off work and has been complaining how he is sick of walking home by hiself so l was going to surprize him by walking home with him l just passed the high school and l heard my name being called so I looked around and l heard my name being called again the voice keep being called so l stoped and my sister @PERSON2, and my friend @LOCATION1 came up from behind me and stopped @PERSON2 said ""I didnt want you to walk to get @LOCATION2 by urself"" so we keep walking and savanah and me keep switching and the scooter got slower, and slower and slower because two people were riding we stoped and pressed the power reset button and began to go again and then we called @LOCATION2 and said we didnt see him and it was already @NUM1 he said hes at his friend house and my mom was coming to get him. We turned around and two minutes later the scooter died we keep holding the power rest button nothing happened so l ran home to get the bike there was sweet running down my face and ?? none stop my legs were numb soon as l got to the house my legs colapest l got up and put shorts on, grabed the bike and ran out the door @PERSON2, and savanah were already at the party store @LOCATION1 questioned me and asked ""@CAPS2 did it take you so long"" I told her what happened as @PERSON2 pushed the @PERSON1 and savanah rode on the handle bars. In my @CAPS1 l was thinking about how long it took me to get there and now mad. l was they came and how l thought l was going to espload because the scooter died we put the bike and scooter away and walked in the door and droped. The lesson learned is dont do something unless your foresure its happening. I learned that the hard way and I'm never going to do it again."