"I think patience is all about waiting for something you want to happen or you don∆t want to happen. Sometimes it hits uninspected. Specaly at cedar point you need a lot of patience. Beep! Beep! I hit my alarm clock with all my force so I hope the thing would turn off. Butt @DATE1 I was going to cedar point and I coun∆t wait. So I got up took a shower and ate breakfast which was great my mom made blueberry mudines.  I got all of my close pack a week early because, I was so edsited. I put my clothes in the car and my brother, sister, mom, dads so we could get going quicker. The car ride wasn∆t so grate because, it was three hours long but we had a tv in our carso it didn∆t take as long as it normally does because, were occupied so it is like a shorter car ride for my brother sister and I. When we got into the howtell it was awesome because, it was like @NUM1 storys high. And we also had to use the elevator to get to our room ont @NUM2 floor. My sister was amazed by all of the stuffed animals and wainted to buy the furry things but she couldn∆t. My mom woke us up come on the rides open in about @NUM3 min we got be there. So I raced up out of bed running around like I got fire on my butt trying to find my clothes. So found all of my clothes and raced around to get my shoes on the others side of the bed. So by the time we were all up dressed and showered the rides have been going on for an hour so we walk over to the gate and got the one ride called million ofcare. The sigh said @NUM4 hours wait sorry the ride is know just to got started because of difficutys  with the seatbelts and others technical difuctlelys sorry. So my mom said wait here at ride it is realy fun. So was waited and waited I have no patience any more I will buy you a hot dog after this so I did and the ride was a blast @NUM1 hours at the park. Was fun but we had to go tomorow. And I got my hot dog.  That was my story of being patience at cedar point when all is you want to do was have fun. Sometimes you got to be patinced to get what you want."