"I elevator tapping my foot, smooth jazz music humms out of speakers above me. Eventually the all too familiar click was head and the smooth metal doors slid open to reveal a well furnished hallway with many other people waiting @CAPS6 their turn of departure on the ??? I slipped out, trying now to become trampled by the massive crowd, then, silence. My footsteps echoed off the ??? as I searched @CAPS6 room @NUM1. Finnaly finding my destination I open the door and step inside where many other squirring children are waiting. I remove my coat and hang it on a nearby hook, trying not to draw too much attention to myself. I continue by searching through the magazine section, torn up @CAPS1 magazines and delicately handled sports illustrated are flipped through until I find an interesting looking article on swimming. Magazines under my arm I choose a seat in the far corner to wait in. Minutes pass, I can tell that the child next to me is becoming impatient fast, he taps his mothers jacket repeatedly and asks the same thing he did @NUM2 minutes ago,ö @CAPS2 how much longer?ö The mother checks her watch and in a closely annoyed tone replies, ônot much longer now dear.ö @CAPS3, the little boy slumps back in his seat and jams his thumb into his mouth to keep him occupied. I roll my eyes, but canÆt help but crack a smile at his actions. Somewhere across the room, a girl about my age frowns as @CAPS5 texts on her cellphone, after a quick glance at the clock @CAPS5 scowls and continues. Just then, the glass door slides open and a woman with a homemade perm and tired eyes steps out. Across the waiting room, patients look up at her, their eyes full of anticipation and hope.ö @PERSON1  the doctor is ready to see you now.ö @CAPS4, I avoid the angry glares from other patients and follow her out the door. ôYou know itÆs funny,ö @CAPS5 says well snapping her gum. ô@CAPS6 someone. So young you were the most patient person out there!ö I merely nod my head and grin because I understand that patient people, experience difficulties without complaining and I am very grateful that IÆm a patient person.  stand in the"