"I walked into the big open room. The smell of crayon, animal crackers and dirt overcome the air and hit my nose like a big wave rolling in from the sea. I take my first nervous steps into the room. The floor is covered with toys and a lot of crayons. The kindergartengs are running around screaming like little animals that hear d they were about to be eaten for dinner. The teacher is standing right in the middle of it all. She has a distant look in her eyes and she looks like sheÆs about to cry. When she sees me and my name tag her face lights up a little bit. She practicly runs at me with arms open. The teacher introduces herself then says theyÆre all mine. I never would have realized student teaching would have me doing so much teaching. I knew IÆd do a little but as the teacher introduced herself, then said she was leaving and I had to teach them the alphabet. So I was stuck with @NUM1 kids and a ôwar.ö I eventually, with some grabbing and pulling involved, get the kids to sit down criss-cross apple sauce on the floor. ItÆs too bad I underestimated how wild they were. As I begin, one of kids starts throwing toys at me, so as calmly as possible I half growled,ö @CAPS1 @PERSON1, thatÆs not nice, please stop.ö @CAPS2 stops for about @NUM2 way too short seconds. So this repeats and I end up doing this with all the wild eyed, crazy haired dwarfs.Iit took a lot of stinking patience to get them to finally sit still. We got to about @CAPS3 when the kinds got fussy again. At that point I was feeling more like a babysitter than a teacher. I was gradually understanding how that teacher was willing to leave. Finally I get that light bulb going off in my head feeling I run to my purse grab my bag of candy and say, ôwhen we finish learning the alphabet A-@CAPS4, anyone who can say the whole thing will get a piece of candy!:ö I realized tothem thatÆs like gold to an adult. I was amazed and couldnÆt believe my ears. Every kid learned A-@CAPS4, I actually ran out of candy, although it took a lot of patience and pointless bicking. When the bell rings I hastily leave to go home. It took a lot of patience but I did it, and reward myself. I slept!"