"This year I tried out for the @NUM1  grade volleyball team for my school. There were so many girls trying out that I was nervous for what team I was going to get on or if I even would make a team. So I worked  my hardest and figured, I had had experience from the other teams I was on before and I was now confident I would make the team. After @NUM2 of tryouts they had grouped us into either The A, @CAPS1 or intermural team, according to your skill level. We got a letter that afternoon, and I made it into the A team! We then got right into practice and games. Winning most of the games, and improving on working as a team. Then a couple days ago, we played against @ORGANIZATION1 middle school. As northern middle school, w obviously were rivals and were determined to beat them. For ôbragging rigts,öwe joked, but most important because we really wanted to do our best. The first game was very close, but we won, and I played about half the time, surviving, hitting and moving all around the court. I   felt very confident, in the second game also, even though I didnÆt play as much as I wished. I still had fun! In the game of volleyball, you play @CAPS2 games in a match. The best two out of @CAPS2 wins the match. At that time we had won both of the games, which ment we won, however we still had to play the third game. Even though we won the match our coach wanted us to win all @CAPS2! Pretend like itÆs the winning point, and play your hardest, she would say. So as the third game started, I was on the bench with some of the other players. I waited till about half of the game and wondered when I would be in. Time had gone by and I was getting discoureged because I hadnÆt played yet. I asked the coach a couple of times if I was going in or not, but she was too busy watching and coaching. So I sat, and about I point before the game ended, she looked at me and said, öcan you do it?öI shot right up and subbed in. I whent to the back of the line, tossed the ball in the air, and hit it! i had made the winning point! In the end I learned to trust my coach and to have patience, because it usually is for the best! But boy did I have a great time serving the winning point. It really tought me a lesson!"