"I think patient is when some one is able to wait and not complain. I was never patient, so here is a story I have made up. One day there was a girl named @CAPS1. She really wanted to go to the park. But she still had to do her homework., chores, take care of her sister and clean up the rest of the dinner. She was really busy. She started with her homework first because are she had was a math work shect ?? @NUM1 problems on each side. Which was easy because they were ?? addition and subtracts. That took her @NUM2 minutes, (@NUM3 on each side) which isn∆t that bad. Next she did the chores. Her chores were to clean up her room and the living room because her sister toys here all over the place from before. But luckily her sister was asleep. Now that she∆s resting and not making man of mess, @CAPS2 took @CAPS1 about @NUM4 minutes to clean up all the days because all she bad to do was throw them back into the toy bar. Now , we go to her room. Ally messy room you first couldn∆t open the door. So she had to tog on the door until she could finally fit her self in. The door slammer shut from all the clothes but luckily didn∆t wake up her sister. @CAPS1 first made a check list of what she needed to do she had to: vacuum, fix her bed , and put all the food away that were in her room back in the kitchen. That took about @NUM5 hour and a half. So in all that∆s been about @NUM5:45 minutes. Now all she had to do clean up the rest of the dinner.  Her mom couldn∆t because she had to drop off her dad at the air part for work, so @CAPS2 was up to her. But the bad thing is that they had speghettl for dinner and her sister spilled the house all over the floor so she had to mop. So right away she cleaned the table which took @NUM7 minutes, mopped which took like @NUM4 minutes, when she was finally done, her sister woke up and she had to feed her and then she could just take her with her to the park. She gave her some apples and then when they finally finished, she took her sister with her and they had a great time."