"One day my mom came home from work. She came in and said ô@CAPS1, do you want to go shopping for your clothes @CAPS2 or later?ö I chose @CAPS2. So my mom changed her clothes and we were off to the store. It was around @NUM1 so it was rush hour. It seemed like it was taking forever and I was getting mad. Then my mom said be patient and it will be over soon. This is a time when I was patient. After ten minutes, things started to clear up. It still took a while but it was getting better. In less than twenty minutes we were pulling up in the @LOCATION1 parking lot. There was a few cars in the lot but it didnÆt seem like much. When we got into the store thatÆs when I really was mad. The lines for you to purchase your items lead all the way to the back of the store. Then my mom said ô@CAPS2 look. The lines are long as you can see. Are you sure you can handle this and have patients?ö ôIÆll tryö. I said. After we got in the store we were looking for my clothes, we were looking at the long lines also, to see if they went down some. We got my clothes, then got in line. We spent about an hour worth of time in the line and it made me mad. Not only did it make me mad, it made me hurgy because I skipped lunch. When we got out of the store, we were happy and hungry. We left the store and went to @CAPS3.Donalds. When we were down the street from @ORGANIZATION1, there was this traphic line we got closer and closer to @ORGANIZATION1 and then realized that line was the @ORGANIZATION1 line. We got in the lot and I knew for sure that I was going to have more patients. So we waited and the line went really fast. We got up to the spoorker and my mom ordered a fish sandwich for her and a chicken sandwich for me. We got to the next window and they gave us our food. When we got our food, the lady said ô@CAPS4 you for your patientsö. Then she asked us would we like a free frie of any size for our wait. We told her yes and we will take a large frie. My mom turn to me and said ôDo you see what happens if you be patient?ö I said yeah and patients is a good thing to have. That was a time when I was patient."