"Lots of people are good at being patient I∆m not so good at it. But when your traveling along distance, you have to learn how to be patient. Several times a year, my mom, my sister, sometimes my dad, and I drive up to my @LOCATION2∆s house. She lives about @NUM1 hours away, near @LOCATION1. My @LOCATION2 loves when family visits, so we don∆t mind taking one weekend every few months to go and see her. I∆ve had to have been there at least @NUM2 times in my life time. My mom works the night shift at a well known hardware store. Usually, she works @NUM3 @CAPS1 to @NUM4 @CAPS2. So when she gets off work we would pack up and leave. I always bring my @CAPS3 with me to keep me entertained. But most of the time I sleep. One time, I had drunk lots of pop and was very hyper. I was annoying my mom a lot. So, I put in my @CAPS3 with me to keep me entertained. But most of the time I sleep. One time, I had drank lots of pop and was very hyper. I was annoying my mom a lot. So, I put in my @CAPS3 and started acting like an idiot, singing along to the songs. Until, my @CAPS3 died. I felt my heart break a little. I couldn∆t fall asleep now. I was still hyper. I started listening to the radio, but all we could listen to was country. Since, we were going @CAPS7, we were traveling away from the control tower of the cool radio stations. Finally, we reached, ÙThe up @CAPS7 storeˆ where we always stop to get gas and food when we go to @LOCATION2∆s. I got @CAPS8 and even more pop. I gave a tiny evil laugh to myself as I handed the items to my mom. In the car, I finished my food and was bored once again. There was nothing to do in that car. I was angry at that point. I looked out the window and sighed. Soon enough, I had fallen asleep. I woke up to the sound of us pulling into the drive way, and my @LOCATION2 running to come greet us. Finally, we were there. I had survived yet another, ride to @LOCATION2∆s house. Then I remembered, we had to drive home too. Even though I make this trip several times a year, I∆m almost positive will never stop getting bored during the ride. Being patient, is not one of my favorite things to do."