"Patience is the ability to be tolerant,understanding and face difficulties without complaining. Patience isnÆt  something they teach you in my school. There isnÆt a book your assigned to read called  patience @NUM1,there is no movie called patience is the key. Non of that exists, even if you live in a world where a necklace can be turned into a camera, or a cell phone is a gun. I have just been assigned my first undercover mission and itÆs not at all wat  i had expected. So far, all I have done is sat on a cold bench next to  the strength meter at a county fair. What people really donÆt understand is the patience that is put in to being a spy. Sure theres an ocasional car being blown up bet  not today, not for me. I here the clock in my hand so ætick,tock,tick,tockÆ. @CAPS3  @CAPS2, thereÆs come action. The subject (the person IÆm assigned to watch is on the move and, oh, nevermind, all the subject has done is bay a three dollar bag of popcorn. I start to doodlle a design in the dirt, with my foot. IÆm just about to abort the mission. Seeing that nothing is happening when all of a sudden I find a clue. There in the dirt that lay just before me. I see a tiny computer chip. I pick it up and spray it with finger print revealing mist. A purple fluffy cloud of vapor sorround the chip. Sure enough when the purple cloud vanishes. I see that the subjects fingerprints are on the chip, I pull out my laptop at insert the computer chip. @CAPS1 @CAPS1 are the words that stay on the computer screen as if refusing to leave. I sit there waiting bored. I remember patience. I think to myself that if IÆm able to defeat twelve armed robers with nothing but a tablecloth, IÆm sure I can sit here and just be patient.  At least twenty minutes have gone by now but i feels like twenty hours. The computer still has written on the screen, @CAPS1, @CAPS1, @CAPS1 wassucsessful. ô@CAPS2!ö I say aloud and people start to stare, but I dont mind. I click the square on the screen that says ôopen.ö @CAPS3 a small message opens up that says ô@CAPS4 me at the ice cream pallor.ö I close my laptop and start to slowly walk over to the ice cream van, observing everyone , and everything around me. A man wearing a yellow shirt and a lady with a purple scarf diaped over her head are the only two people standing by the icecream stand. I walk a little bit closer and i realise that the man has a gun. I pull out mine and with a few loud roars they were both in handcaffs ofcoure, they were both working with the main suspect. I would have never been able to sucsesfully complete  my mission without being  patient."