"Being patient is waiting quietly for something to happen. A lot of times, you have to patient for a lot of things, such as long lectures, birthdays, and orchestra concerts. Sometimes, no matter how patient you are, the thing you have been waiting for does not happen, and you∆d have to leave without doing what you wanted to do for the whole time (and that has happened many times with me). For long lectures, sometimes you have the urge to leave. You have to be patient and wait for the lecture to end. For birthdays, you really want to eat the cake. But, yes, you do have to wait until your annoying sister finishes blowing out the candles and makes her wish. I am part of the orchestra, and we have a orchestra @ORGANIZATION1 about every two months. The first @ORGANIZATION1 is an open @ORGANIZATION1, and they are usually in @NUM1. Last year it was the @NUM2. At the end of the @ORGANIZATION1, there is a cheese cake sampling station, and cookies, and domus, and all these good cake. But first, I must suffer through playing through many pieces, watch the beginners play and watching at honid video ??? videotapes my face, waiting for a mistake so any annoying can laugh at it and call me an Ùepicfailˆ. But I still live. Playing the piece isn∆t so bad, it∆s just some pieces of paper with notes and watching the beginners might is torture, but at least I don∆t have to play. Video @CAPS1? No pain at all.  Who says I∆m going to mess up? All I have to do is to sit in the back row, and my mom might not even see me. My sisters might not even care. And then soon comes the cheese cake, at like @NUM3 at night. That is the good part, but to get to the good part, I must be patient. I∆m not really looking forward to this year∆s @ORGANIZATION1, on @DATE1, because on that day I have a final cross-country meet after school. Where all five middle schools come together for a big district meet at a place called @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION2. After that meet, my parents have to bring me to that @ORGANIZATION1 at the high school at @TIME1. The @ORGANIZATION1 closes down at @NUM4, like always, and I am hoping I∆m not going to get any homework. But if I do, I∆ll just have to be patient. That day is like any old day. @NUM5. I∆ll have to wait until school ends, the meet ends, and the @ORGANIZATION1 ends to go home, but I can live. All that is on my mind is to live the whole school year, patiently, without messing up or failing badly."